what is up everyone and welcome to what
I hope is going to become a new trend on
the W show we're on time we are early oh
now think about this if we could be this
early for a consecutive year we could
like make up we could we could make our
way back to neutral that's a that is a
good point we've got a great show lined
up for you guys today of course our
headline topic is Adobe getting their
Just Desserts of finally getting at
least some attention on some of the
um if not illegal at least very
anti-consumer and offensive billing
practice that they had billing practices
that they have participated in over the
last little while I got signed out of
Google docs right as I was saying that
so Luke gets to pick three topics today
no Luke Luke it's your day it's your day
to shine uh the Snapdragon X launch was
not quite what people had hoped but uh
there are there there is there is some
good news uh also Nvidia Bec the world's
most valuable company didn't they
already become oh yeah continues to do
extremely Nvidia like things we'll also
discuss and uh soft develops real time
emotion cancelling Tech it was a very
very short break but his brain was like
I have done two topics
now surely the intro will come
[Music]
Today's Show is brought to you by
Squarespace MSI control D and of course
our chair partner secret lab uh why
don't we jump right into the big Adobe
topic first assuming that I can find it
ah yes okay no I don't want to do that
what I want to do first is I want to
talk about the moment when I realized
Adobe had completely jumped the shark so
when we were in the in the early but not
quite like ridiculous growth phase where
we added like 50 people in 18 months or
24 months or whatever it was but but
when we were growing at a pretty steady
clip and adding creatives to our
Cloud um
I don't I I actually don't think of our
team as a cloud of employees that's
that's actually super weird they're not
sperm
um I thought you I thought you going
somewhere else with that
anymore I haven't slept much okay oh man
the point is the point is that when we
were when we were growing at a pretty
steady clip uh one of one of the things
that you have to do is is you have to
add seats to your Adobe Creative Cloud
subscription right so every time we
would add a new person part of the
onboarding was for us to to grab a new
Adobe Creative Cloud subscription and uh
set it to their email and they would
have you know two concurrent logins and
and all those all those rules and
everything right but then one day
something bizarre happened uh someone
left or was fired or something I I can't
remember but but for the first time in
forever um our our headcount in the in
the editing department or in the
creative one of the creative departments
went down by one and I was like oh okay
I was the administrator of our Adobe
account at the time and I was like well
surely this is no problem I will simply
go in
and you can't remove a
seat when when you when you just like
when you're an organization that has I
mean at that point we probably had
somewhere between half a dozen and a
dozen seats or something like that and
when you're an organization that has a
bunch of seats when you add another
seat it you you you can't cancel it
unless you pay I think I think you can
pay like a um I think you can pay a
cancel yeah an early termination fee but
that that blew my mind the fact that
adding and adding seats was like
permanent like if you if you're company
didn't just grow
forever that that was it the whole seat
system is just crazy to me in general
like there there's a lot of enterprise
software Enterprise SAS solutions that
operate on a seat system and it doesn't
make any sense to me at all of course
that's not the part that's necessarily
illegal let's get into why Adobe is
being jointly sued by the US Department
of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission alleging that the company
imposed a hidden early termination fee
and complex and challeng ing
cancellation process upon subscribers
violating the restore online Shoppers
confidence act wow what a catchy name
which is been around since 2010 so it's
the hidden nature it's the dark patterns
that were present in the signup process
that made it so that and you know what
truthfully if I had read the entire
terms and conditions I probably would
have known I probably would have known
that I was signing up for a one-year
subscription not simply adding another
seat to my to my monthly bill that I was
that I was paying cuz from my point of
view I I wasn't terminating anything I
was just altering the deal pray I don't
alter it further you know like I was
just I was just changing the amount I
was paying them per month um but from
their point of view no no we have a
dozen individual year-long contracts and
I don't know whichever one you've
canceled is whichever one has the
longest amount left on no I actually
don't know that part um I do wonder how
that works though now this is pretty
cool oh right so I was going to say sure
I could have read all of that but
realistically I was running a a a
fledgling business what I was going to I
was going to spend a bunch of money on a
lawyer that we can't afford to read to
read a Ula for me or I was going to sit
and waste like two hours of my day
reading a Ula they know that isn't going
to happen and that's why they hide these
details in these in these verbose
documents now this is the most
interesting part of this because some
like company uh having deceptive
or misleading subscription practices is
not exactly newsworthy but what is
really fascinating about this to me is
that the lawsuit is targeting specific
Adobe Executives maninder s son
president of digital media business and
David wadwani the VP of digital go to
market in
sales I I don't I don't follow this as
closely as you know some legal Scholars
probably do so for you in the comments
thank you for your scholarship in the
field of legality um and I I appreciate
that you've noticed this before but I
haven't noticed this before going after
a company while also specifically naming
individuals who would have had to be
complicit complicit in these practices
it seems I love it it seems good I love
it I think it's good why do you get to
why do you get to just be like well no a
corporation is a person and I was just
the like shoulder skin cell surely you
can't convict me of murder just because
the right hand was all stab stab stab
stab
stab there should be some accountability
for the individuals in these
organizations that are making these
decisions enthusiastically yes I I am I
am happy anyway uh the US doj and FTC
alleged that adobe pushed Creative Cloud
subscribers into annual plans without
disclosing that canceling the first year
could cost hundreds of dollars under the
leadership of cherina Khan the FTC has
been cracking down on deceptive
practices like this last year they filed
a similar lawsuit against Amazon for
their Prime Membership sign up and
cancellation process which was awesome
I'm I'm super happy about this I think
this is absolutely fantastic um it
turned out we didn't end up canceling
our subscription because we knew we were
probably going to hire someone because
we were growing and that is exactly the
kind of I'm going to say it outright
theft that these kinds of practices
allow where I signed a deal not
understanding the terms not because I'm
an idiot but because they buried it
somewhere knowing that I would be sort
of an idiot some fractional amount of an
idiot um but but aren't we all
justifiably idiotic there I need a shirt
that says that on
it I'm an idiot in a way that I can
really that I can really put my
convictions
behind so they they took that money from
me because I didn't properly understand
the deal where I paid for nothing for
some period of time until we actually
added another person a lot of people are
saying they would buy that shirt the
jokes on you Adobe because at that time
we were using our second signin to have
twice as many editors as we had licenses
get owned Yeah Yeah I broke your terms
of service and I don't even feel bad
also we used pirated CS6 for like the
first probably year or
two I don't remember when we actually
first US pirated Sony Vegas before that
if it helps was that real that was paid
oh yeah yeah no I actually I am one of
the dozens who purchased Sony Vegas
movie
studio I kind of liked it yeah if you
don't do anything special in it at all
it's really easy to use you can even do
some like kind of some speci things in
it the fact that oh man the fact that
adobe software has so many tiny tiny
little icons and I I get it I get it Ma
macros and and and hot keys and
everything are are absolutely an
essential part of using this software
but imagine for a moment if you know
there were certain manipulations that I
could do on the timeline that just
didn't require me to click on a teeny
tiny little indicator button and also
didn't require me to press anything on
my keyboard and the whole thing was just
a lot more casual I actually I actually
quite liked uh editing in Sony Vegas yes
it's owned by magix now um
who is Magic Vegas someone yeah it's
Magic's Vegas that's a worst name yeah I
I assume that there are lions involved
or Tigers dang
it my brain is so tired that I was like
Sigman and Freud no wait sigfreed and
Roy that's the
one why don't we do another
topic oh fantastic my brain doesn't turn
on before noon at the best of times last
night I was up pretty late working on a
a slideshow so I am I'm in a I'm a Vibe
today my my hair is as flat as I feel
tired come on let's get this some let's
get this some elevation here that did
not work at all okay well you work on
that I'll go with the Snapdragon X
launch Snapdragon X launch not quite
Microsoft's Apple silicon moment but hey
they they sleep and wake real good which
is actually I mean I mean that's a
that's a win that's a genuine W I'm I'm
honestly that would make me consider
switching right there what do I even do
on my laptop browser stuff like nothing
yeah do I look as tired as I think I do
I think we sort of both do I
think you probably look a little bit
more tired cuz I probably got a little
bit more sleep but nice but yeah what
were you up so late doing oh just being
me I wasn't up near these ladies okay
yeah so just dumb yeah nice yeah
justifiably so though right yeah yeah
cool he needed the meon
yeah but like I mean yeah this this is
just me in the I'm actually not kidding
get back to work turn off the L show you
can watch later you're being a very bad
example okay go Optics yes it took me
like six years of that speech to get it
you'll get there eventually yeah man oh
the dude the conversations I used to
have with this guy be like look okay if
I like slip you a power supply or
something like don't don't make a song
and dance of it because
like we can't give a power supply to
everyone you know just like you're going
to make it so that we can't do this is
why we can't have nice things
because as soon as as soon as people
make a big deal about stuff it's like
okay well look we can't give out a 100
power supplies every time you know we we
we do something it's like now people
aren't allowed to borrow stuff from the
office anymore yep way to go Luke I
think that was mostly camera stuff
wasn't it um it started with the camera
stuff because camera operators would
borrow things and it was mostly fine
except that all of a sudden we had so
many creatives and only so many cameras
and all of a sudden we're sitting here
going okay so sorry what are we going to
create like a like a sign out sheet and
like a prioritization system and and one
of the big challenges is that if they
don't have actual third party insurance
for the shoot that they're doing which
mostly they didn't because it was like
Little Indie projects and stuff if they
don't have it legally I actually am not
allowed to just like take it out of
their pay or whatever right that makes
sense they they can they can voluntarily
pay it back and and I could choose to
accept that but if if something gets
broken like from from a legal standpoint
here in BC I can't just like dock
someone's pay to be recompensated for
something that they broke or lost it
doesn't work that way so the liability
of having people just like borrowing
stuff all the time and the tracking of
it was all of a sudden going to be like
a substantial amount of someone's job
and we're looking at it going like how
does this how does this make any sense
so foret
it all right Snap Dragon X sorry I go on
no worries yeah the the first co- pilot
plus laptops powered by qualcomm's
arm-based Snapdragon X Series chips
officially launched on Tuesday and so
far reviews are tentatively positive
praising the arrival of Windows laptops
that actually sleep and wake properly
but get ready for the caveats the only
full reviews on launch day were for the
Asus viob book S15 featuring the lowest
tier Snapdragon X Elite the X1
e7800 can I interrupt for a
second as part of our briefing with
Qualcomm um this part clearly did not
make it into the sponsored piece that we
did on the launch um but as part of our
breeding with breeding with qual Lord as
part of our briefing with Qualcomm um I
probably I probably let them have it for
about 13 minutes on their naming scheme
for these things yeah during your uh
dude you let them have it for 13 minutes
yeah yeah during your what yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh no no no that was much
less than 13 minutes are you kidding me
do you know how happy Ivon would be if I
could go 13 minutes no oh no um so that
is the dude that is the actual model
number of that of that
chip X1 e-78 D100 is a is a consumer
facing model
[Music]
number I'm I'm not even I'm and and I
was like no you guys need to change that
now and they're like what's wrong with
it what does it even stand for so x1e
I'm assuming is like X1 Elite yes but
then what is 78 and 100 so I didn't even
realize they all seem to end in 100 I
didn't even realize until we were doing
our briefing with them that there
are uh that there are that there are are
various um bins of the of the various
Snapdragon Elite chips so here you go
here's the here's the skew lineup uh
from like some article or something that
this this just demonstrates my point so
so it's it's Snapdragon X1 Elite and
Snapdragon or Snapdragon X Elite and
Snapdragon x uh plus I've got I've got
no problem with that that's fine and
they were like so yeah so what's wrong
with it it's Snapdragon X Elite and
Snapdragon X+ I'm like nothing that's
great that's basically like your you
know your good better best it's your
it's your it's your I5 i7 it's your um
you know uh your your your regular your
Le your SE your touring or whatever you
know coming back to cars it's you sure
that's fine you got your different your
different trim levels you got your
different your different stratified
product Lines no
problem what the ever loving is
this so I'm like okay no problem we got
X1 Elite I'm with you here then we've
got a
designation okay so we got 8480 and 78
so these are three different bins of the
chip that run at uh different clock
speeds
that
ironically if I'm kind of looking at
this okay so the
84 is is four more than 80 and it gets 2
GHz more but oh oh no but the uh but the
GPU is a lot faster and then the 80 is
is only two more than the 78 but it's
clocked like way the crap higher on two
core max turbo on the CPU but it gets
the same
GP what does this mean also why is there
a random 100 at the end I I think you
can either keep the the one in between
the X and the e or you can keep the 100
you got to pick one drop the other um I
I do not understand uh the 100 is
probably the generation I don't care but
then what's the one in between the X1
basically I what what I told them was I
was like look have you ever been to
London
Drugs London Drugs is a regional sort of
I don't know what they they sell
everything they have like bag chips and
cosmetics and TVs like a really
expensive corner store that also has a
pharmacy some small appliances like it's
it's I don't know it's kind of a weird
it's kind of a weird chain uh they they
seem like they seem like kind of cool
people sort of cowboys but like in a
cool way anyway London Drugs everyone
London Drugs seems like Cowboys like I
just mean like you know like yha you
know they yeah they yeah exactly they're
cowboys um so I went into one recently
to buy a television for my grand parents
they just needed a bigger TV so that
they could see the picture on the screen
and they carry a handful of Brands and
what I noticed was that hey it's been a
while since I've been in a small
Regional electronics store cuz you know
I used to work at one and then I had no
reason to go to one after that and I was
walking I was trying to compare TVs to
each other because i' been out of the
loop for a little bit on on on budget
TVs like I kind of know what's going on
at the high end that everyone wants to
talk to you about at a tra or whatever
but in terms of what people actually buy
I was like okay well I'm just I'm going
to need to kind of refresh myself on uh
you know does this one how many local
dimming zones does this have and um does
this one have how many HDMI inputs does
this have that that kind of thing and as
I went around and I looked at the little
the little product cards right I
realized that they weren't comparable to
each other at all they told me basically
nothing um and so this was custom like
this is our version of whatever well it
just there was no consistency so so Joe
in the warehouse might have printed up
this one and then Sally at the in the in
the front might have printed up this one
and she didn't look at what Joe did so
she just kind of made up her own list of
key important specs uh so so they
weren't comparable I see okay there it
was so hard to compare and
realistically I I talked to I talked to
Sally uh no it was some dude I don't
remember their name but I talked to
someone I was like this is even less
helpful
um but that's what that's what a lot of
people are dealing with when they go to
when they go to buy something and
frankly the big box stores are not a lot
better and so like I was at a Costco and
I was comparing the cards on the
different PCS and TVs and stuff just cuz
I was thinking about this afterward and
I was like yeah it's it's better but
it's not consistent either and so what I
was talking to them about I was like
look this is confusing this is going to
end up on there like what does it mean
and they like they brought out their
decoder sheet kind of like Intel has for
for their product names and I was like
right but the consumer's not going to
have that so basically my problem so far
because we haven't gotten through the
rest of the topic is I would like to see
a coherent naming scheme I would like to
see I would like to see these you know
what I give up this is the same company
that just has Snapdragon 8 gen whatever
I actually no forget it let's keep going
it's just not going to happen yep carry
on okay most performance and efficiency
benchmarks have it matching or slightly
exceeding Intel and amd's current
competitors which is good to hear it
usually beats Apple's Bas M3 in
multicore but is worse when it comes to
single core performance and efficiency
gaming performance is still in question
the co-pilot plus PCS are not gaming
laptops but despite launching a
dedicated website to catalog game
compatibility early reviews noted games
like OverWatch 2 and Witcher 3 performed
much worse than their ratings would
actually suggest some reviews covering
the faster x181 100
wow that sucks uh and the X1 84100 have
started to trickle out but truly
comprehensive reviews are in short
supply I want to see the 100 dropped
Qualcomm if you're watching this just
lose the 100 and we're good X1 80 and
x1e 84 would have been great and then
when you go to Next Generation just
makes it make it x2e yeah perfect and it
would be solved yep according to Windows
Central's Zack Bowden many media Outlets
only received review units on Tuesday
thanks to Microsoft's last minute recall
of its recall feature that is a funny
line but yeah it also something that
actually happened uh Microsoft has also
reportedly changed co-pilot from a
locally run to a progress web app
removing its ability to control Windows
settings which um is less convenient but
probably good for security with that
said sorry I'm totally going to tangent
again sure we did a super cool video
this week that's not the show it's sort
of the show it it's an integral part the
part of the show people care about oh
right we did a really cool video this
week we got our hands on a hard drive
that contained basically every malware
known to man oh yeah yeah yeah yeah so
you know about this um well I know about
both the hard drive and the fact that we
have it yeah um yeah is your team like
terrified that that is sitting on a
shelf here oh no it's like a thing you
can just get those I know yeah yeah yeah
but does it bother you that it's just
like here and someone could like grab it
and do something with
it not really doesn't really matter you
can download all the same stuff it's
from place called VX underground yeah
it's cool yeah super cool uh a little a
little sketchy I actually I I we don't
really know anything about the folks
that are behind it so I'm not there is
no recommendation here uh just we bought
a hard drive but but it's cool and it's
a it's a really interesting tool for
like learning about how this stuff works
yes and I will tell you that I you know
fundamentally understood you know how
things can get pwned and you know people
can you know remote access whatever what
you know remote access Trojan you know
rat or whatever I'd never seen the
interface I'd never used one
um we fired up the bore rat rat and like
oh my God the the fact that co-pilot
can't change your settings anymore or
whatever it's like honestly probably
kind of irrelevant like yes more attack
vectors is more bad it's a different way
in but realistically knowing that social
engineering is so much of how people are
get and the fact that an application
like this exists that allows you to do
literally anything to the Target
computer you can do anything you can
bsod it for fun you
just like you can do anything so guys
check out the video it's going to be
it's going to be a lot of fun
um but basically what I'm saying is yeah
it's probably good that co-pilot is not
going to be an attack Vector less holes
in the Swiss cheese less holes in the
Swiss cheese but realistically there's a
lot of holes in the Swiss cheese yeah
they don't call it swiss cheese because
it's a solid block right now Mo modern
Windows machines with Windows Defender
are pretty good sure it's a lot better
than it used to be yeah like actually oh
trust me I know I mean I I I I remember
when you couldn't have your network Port
plugged in while you installed Windows
XP if you had an old disc because
otherwise Blaster worm would literally
infect the system just randomly before
you did anything faster than you could
download an antivirus
[Laughter]
program oh man
um okay where was I know uh Microsoft
also reportedly changed co-pilot oh
right no already read that the
surprisingly incapable new arm chips are
in danger of being overshadowed in a
couple months by Intel's very impressive
looking lunar Lake and amd's ryzen AI uh
300 laptop chips not to mention M4
MacBooks expected in the fall wait hold
on yeah can we actually give Apple
props for what their chip names yes
they're good
yes they are good they're good they're
easy to understand extremely what is an
M1 Ultra quick a a better
M1 sort
of it it well okay I haven't followed it
at
all okay so an M1 there's there's M1
plus M M1 M1 it's either Pro or plus uh
M1 Max and then M1 Ultra is two M1 Maxes
okay so basically they've got they've
got good better best Ultimate which is
totally fine you've got you've got M
which is you know what it is I don't
know it's Apple M silicon don't worry
about it and then you've just got a
generation name it's funny because apple
is both the best and the worst at this
stuff even the I even as bloated as the
I give it a good name or just don't
actually name it at all as bloated as
the iPhone lineup has become with you
know Pro and plus and pro Max pry easy
everything has a clear meaning what is
pro it means it has sort of something
extra that probably most people don't
need
um it got a little bit confusing when
they when they did that generation I
forget what it was where they had both
the what was it the eight and the 10 and
then they like skipped nine or something
like that when they had the X the X yeah
cuz but at least there was a reason for
it it was the 10th anniversary and the
the the 3G and 3GS sort of generation
had gotten a little muddy with respect
to you know what gen was what and they
were kind of like they were they were
almost like like fixing it um and and
okay there has been again a little bit
of muddiness where sometimes you know
you get a generational number on an
iPhone but it actually has the last gen
chip that the current gen is like that
if I recall correctly where only the the
like Pro got the the current gen chip
okay so things can get a little bit
confusing shootting log though but year
to year it's very clear exactly you know
which which one you've got and then
they've got if you're buying an iPhone
then they've got stuff like the Mac
Pro they just keep calling it Mac Pro
and I'm expected to know what what
portion of which year it was released
I'm I'm supposed to keep track of that
like that's absolutely ridiculous so I I
don't get it because clearly Apple knows
how to name things so that it so that
you understand that there's like a
benefit to upgrading to it but sometimes
they just don't want you to know that
you just have MacBook Air and it's like
okay yeah I've got I've got MacBook Air
why why can't I install a modern browser
on it uh what is his name sebas contre
hter we got the Europeans in the chat
today there's going to be some names I
can't pronounce very well nice um he
said but the but the processor completes
the name now uh this is the Mac Pro with
M2
Chip okay well then does help a bit that
helps a lot that helps a lot so hey
kudos for improvement yeah yeah way to
go yeah I'm happy to see it there are a
lot of Mac Pros that do not have that in
them though just to be clear yes all
right continuing not to uh so there's
the new Intel and AMD uh laptops coming
and also the new M4 MacBooks are
expected in the fall a new leak
indicates that Qualcomm uh has more
unannounced X Series CPUs coming
although they are on the lower end of
the lineup so it probably isn't good
matter um we should stream this time of
day more often what the heck we have
like significantly more viewers than
usual is it just because it's abnormal I
have no idea nice nice nice nice nice um
yeah we were spoiled by Apple's amazing
arm transition that was wild um Qualcomm
might have overhyped these we also don't
know how the better tiar chips are
supposed to perform uh we don't we don't
even have a clear idea necessarily of of
how all the different devices with this
chip are going to perform because uh
qualcom allows their Partners to run the
at wide range of different TD uh T they
don't use TDP they use total I don't
care a wide range of total power
envelopes
um I'm still I'm still pretty excited
just because a lot of what I do I don't
need to game um I need working sleep and
wake so if that's working great that's a
W for me I need great battery life and I
need to I need to run a browser um so I
am definitely going to start I'm I'm
going to daily drive one for some
extended period of time um and we're
going to see how it goes I'm I'm pretty
excited apparently qualcomm's
exclusivity deal with Microsoft is
coming near to its close and mediatech
is interested in moving into the space
so it's not even just going to be
Snapdragon whatever- 100 whatever chips
uh we might also get some mediate Tech
chips and if anyone for mediatech is
watching you have an opportunity today
to have a coherent naming
scheme that might literally win over
customers reflect on that yeah
coherency it's good yeah it's cash
money it's
Ohio uh skibby or or something no I was
just like you know I genuinely don't
know what those mean like a coherent
cache oh it's yeah I don't even deserve
the
Bell uh all right what are we supposed
to be doing Dan
nice the muted Bell um you can do
another topic we could do a couple merch
messages up to you oh why don't we do a
merch why don't we do a merch message
let's do a merch message all right so if
you're not familiar with the show merch
messages are the way to chat with us
don't do a super chat don't do a twitch
bit uh yes I've I've seen some criticism
of merch messages recently yes the
minimum is higher than those other
methods is it yeah cuz I think this the
the cheapest thing is a $10 gift card
and you could you can send a super chat
for like a dollar or something like that
um so you're right the minimum is higher
but that's by Design guys we want you to
get something for the money that you're
spending which means we actually have to
like produce something and ship it to
you and all of that stuff um because we
don't want you just throwing money at
your screen and the reason that we don't
want to take your you know couple of
bucks is because if the difference
between two2 and $10 is a lot for you I
don't want your money for real I I I
actually I I actually don't want it um
but if you want to shop on the store go
to LTT store.com in the cart uh there
will be a box whenever we're live where
you can leave a merch message it can pop
up down there on the bottom of the
screen hey thanks Logan M oh look at
that Dan replied to this one so he might
give you a reply directly he might
forward to someone who might know the
answer to your question better or he
might curate your message for me and
Luke yeah hold on second we've got we've
got someone in FL float plane
complaining to coo says but lus I want
to burn my money that's totally fine
just burn more of it and if you can't
afford to burn that much of it then that
totally fine don't burn any of it I'm
trying to be a good influence yeah good
influence yeah all right hit me Dan show
us how the merch messages work sure
thing hey dlll line us with the
announcement of fantasian Neo Dimension
being released on multiple platforms are
you going to replay the game on
different platforms with the updated
features
no it's easy I enjoyed the game um I
enjoyed the so so for those um for those
not familiar uh
fantasian is a kind of under the radar
um
jrpg that uh involved uh I'm going to
butcher the pronunciation but uh here
noobu sakaguchi and noou umsu but
basically like OG Final
Fantasy um lead and OG Final Fantasy
composer is kind of all you need to know
uh really really unique uh VIs visual
style so the environments instead of
being rendered oh man this is this is
horrible here we go the environments
instead of being rendered are
handcrafted diaramas that were then
captured and then the um the the
rendered elements they are I like that
style it
honestly is enjoyable just walking
around in these environments it's
absolutely incredible I do wish that
they weren't so limited by the hardware
that they were running on because uh the
game was an apple arcade exclusive for
uh I mean it's been at least a couple of
years now and I was so excited for this
game and that I I was like on it like I
I rarely I'm like okay when's this game
coming when's this game and then it's
like oh it's Apple arcade exclusive oh
it's Apple arcade exclusive basically
forever
I think this is the first time in my
life that I have bought a console just
to play a game I went and I bought an
Apple TV something or other Apple TV 4K
or something like that at I went to
Costco I bought a stupid Apple TV so I
could sit and play this game is this the
only thing you ever used it for it is
the only thing I ever did with it and it
now is not even plugged in anymore U so
I played through it and I loved how
delightfully old school it was because
it really was like a like a Back to
Basics music's beautiful the
environments are beautiful the combat is
is is fun it's got this Dimension system
where as you're walking around you get
Random Encounters just like a classic
jrpg and there's kind of too many of
them just like a classic jrpg but the
the main character has this device he
carries with him that allows you to just
queue up multiple random encounters so
as you walk it's just like you got a
random and the Monsters just go into
this like weird alternate dimmension and
then you can fight them all at once and
that's kind of nice actually that makes
some of the attacks that have like these
long arcs or like these uh shoot through
abilities and stuff like that make more
sense cuz instead of fighting two to
five at a time you're fighting like 20
to 40 at a time and they like spawn in
as you kill them and stuff and
uh I never I never really stopped
enjoying the combat which was pretty
unusual for a jrpg where a lot of the
times it's just like okay well just max
out flare and then I spend all my money
on like ethers and then who cares
anymore like this is just this is just
tedious at least the loading times are
short because it's an old one on sness
or whatever like oh man playing on like
the PlayStation PlayStation 2 is painful
sometimes yeah anyway the point is that
uh the combat never really got old um I
will say that there are some things that
were less
delightfully retro like I I I wouldn't
say that you know I'm the kind of person
that is going to you know boycott a
studio over over a less than modern
representation of say for example women
um but I will say that even even to even
to me I was kind of
like these women characters were written
by
men you know yikes like the level of I
get it he's a he's a studly guy you know
the pro the protagonist character that I
get to you know play or insert my myself
into the role playing game you know role
um you know I get it but the level of
fawning here is
uh
wow and to be clear it really isn't that
different from the kind of media that
you know the the other side will consume
right
like the whole point of Twilight is that
kind of an
ordinary young lady has these
supernatural beings vying for her you
know right like we get the same level of
ridiculousness both ways but it just
felt a little much for me in this
particular in this particular game and
they have a philosophy for boss fights
that I think is both really cool and
also kind of um kind of frustrating so
in a boss encounter you kind of have to
figure it out you can't just go in and
hit with your hardest attacks and just
and and and watch the attack pattern you
really do need to change up your party a
lot like it it's one of those games
where you've got a big roster and you
will use almost all of them in every
boss fight or you're or you're pretty
much doing it wrong that's cool um but
what I found really frustrating was
that you often wouldn't have time to
figure it out it's one of those games
where the only way to figure it out on a
first playthrough is to read the
strategy guide ahead of time and some of
the some of the things you would need to
do would involve not just making sure
you have the right characters in your
roster but making sure that not only
have you leveled them up suitably like
that specific one but you've got like
that specific branch of the tech tree to
its credit you can Respec your Tech Tree
anytime you want but there is a lot of
micromanaging very tedious and and not
just tedious but like and and the
creative thinking is kind of cool but
the way that um the way that so many of
the bosses can just
one or two hit wipe you or just like you
know three hit Wombo Combo you no matter
how many Buffs you had
um and how long the fights go so I I'm
I'm I'm no I have no problem with it
both ways okay give me a long drawn out
tedious boss fight I'll fight a boss for
an hour no problem or I will fight a
boss where there's like a gimmick and
once I figure it out like it's over
don't give me both I don't want a
gimmick that I have to grind through for
an hour oh like there there were some
that were that were really quite like
that and part of part of my problem is
there's a part where your party gets
split up and there were two that you're
like supposed to find first but for
whatever reason I didn't I found a bunch
of the other ones first so they were way
underleveled and then I came up against
a part in the game where there's a
couple of boss fights that I really need
them leveled up and teched up more and
it and it was really tedious to to grind
those levels because of the way the EXP
curve works for what you're fighting and
how much exp you get anyway um I made it
I made it to the final of the like three
or four stages or whatever it is of the
final boss I died at that point I had
already been fighting him for like an
hour and a half or something like that
and I was just sitting here going like I
I get it I don't need to play the game
again but I also would recommend it if
you do enjoy classic RPGs um I felt the
game needed a little bit more play
testing um I think that part of it was
just to Phill opical difference it's
intended to be hard do you think it it
might this new version that came out
might have addressed that it does it has
like a like a normal which means
Normie difficulty mode uh so I think
it's coming out for switch and then
there was a steam DB entry for it a
while back but I actually don't know if
they've made any announcements about it
formally so I don't know if it's
actually coming to PC or
not I forget what the question was I'm
assuming um I'm trying to look up the
like YouTube announcement trailer I'm
assuming at the end it'll it'll show the
things it's launching on are are you
going to replay the game on different
platforms no yeah that like my saves on
Apple arcade I guess so if I wanted to
New Game Plus it I have no idea if I can
export that I doubt it got another one
for you here lonus my steam deck doesn't
work here you go you can have mine L
laap there we go there oh look at that
switch PS5 PS4 Xbox series X and n and
steam kind of crazy that they're doing
this through Square Enix I think Square
Enix is helping with the porting don't
don't quote me on that but um my
understanding was at some point there
had been like some kind of falling out
at some point um so that's yeah that's
pretty pretty wild Life's too short for
grudges man yeah yeah yeah there's a
quote from Fallout New Vegas that I've
always really liked um oh oh oh oh I
can't switch it back there we go that's
okay we share we
share here you
go all right where is
it no no no no no I didn't want it on my
screen uh lastly Waging War against good
people is bad for the soul this may not
seem important to you now but is the
most important thing I've said it's a
good quote yeah good quote yeah I like
that yeah I like that I should um I
should have my extended family play uh
what was it fallout Fallout New Vegas
Fallout New Vegas yeah that that'
probably be kind of interesting let me
get on that
yeah oh boy um are we doing another
merch message I got another merch
message yeah we'll do one hello guys
anod Dev here oh hard at work making the
next game look good nice have you played
the other titles before 1800 what was
your favorite setting excited to get my
hands on the
screwdriver so uh oh do you remember you
watched the lwig bro versus bro right
yeah um I actually I don't know if this
made it into the cut for bro versus bro
but I didn't hear anything about ano in
it it no no not ano related uh it did
make it into the uh episode of the yard
that I was on of wait hold on sorry of
course the anod dev is watching now that
makes
sense nice okay sorry keep going um so
so I think it made it into the yard
where I basically told him look I will
play you uh any Halo game as long as
it's Halo Combat Evolved or Halo
infinite he's
like why those two I was busy I was like
because I've been because I was busy for
a long time in between multiple kids in
a company things happen I just had a lot
you and I I was you know I was in a a
very Whirlwind relationship even before
that like you know I was I was pretty
into Ivonne when I met her I thought she
was pretty darn cool um so I spent a
pretty into her now I'm pretty I'm
pretty into her yeah um
yep yeah I'm she's great you know so so
I just I had a lot going on in between
Halo Combat Evolved and Halo infinite
and um ano yeah same story I have played
1602 ad which was the the the like
westernized or well further westernized
name the the north Americanized name of
of ano 1602 and then I have played ano
1800 and that's it I I I briefly pirated
the like futuristic one and I only
played it for I I just didn't really
understand how um not obvious the grid
was uh like the building grid compared
to 16002 yeah and I didn't have a lot of
time in those days that I wasn't busy
playing Left 4 Dead 2 with my wife um
and so I just I kind of dropped it
immediately but I really enjoyed both of
them and I really enjoyed the the
differentness of both of them um 1602
had land battles I don't know if you
know that I did not they were kind of
bad interesting um and and having played
1800 I don't even know that I would
necessarily want that they weren't that
practical because like man taking taking
territory by land was so expensive oh
I'm sure because you could build
instantly and there was no penalty for
building like next to an incoming Army
so you could just hoard a little bit of
brick and Cannon and then when they make
landfall build
towers yeah and
just annihilate whatever's there and
then cannons like Siege cannons were
ridiculous like you would want to have
like a handful of Cavalry but then you
would just have you would just like roll
your Cannon slowly across assuming that
they they can't Tower you and then they
would like one hit anything like it was
it was it was pretty broken it was it
was an RTS made by people who have read
about an RTS in a magazine once like it
right no offense yeah um 1800 is
fantastic we both really like it but it
was cool it was cool and it was
different and then ano 1800 didn't have
that at all and that was super cool and
that was super different and I love both
of them in their own ways I I absolutely
love them I forget what the question was
have you played a previous ano the only
previous ano that I had played was ano
2070 okay and I did not enjoy part of
ano though is having someone to kind of
hold your hand I think so through the
like figuring out the economy and
figuring out trading I played 2070 and I
was like this is a weird game and I
don't like it and I'm never going to go
back to ano again and then lonus was
like play 1800 with me or something and
then I tried it and I was like this
game's actually really sick and now I
even play it single player every once in
a blue moon yeah it's oh it's so good um
and man the soundtrack for 1602
absolutely slaps yeah it's so good I'm
genuinely very excited for for 117 the
theme fantastic having played 1800 the
theme of Rome I think is going to be
amazing yeah um I'm very excited and
having like actually given 1800 a proper
shot because I bet you when I played
2070 I didn't really play for very long
yeah I probably got it on like a Humble
Bundle or something
out and didn't it a fair Shake because I
actually went back to it recently really
yeah just to give it a shot again or
what just because I I was wondering like
it's funny that this question came up
because I was wondering what like my
more recent thoughts would be about this
game if I gave it an actual Fair shake
and I went back to it and it's so old at
this point that like it was a little
rough it's from 2011 the quality of life
has improved a fair in 13 years but I
bet you if I gave it enough time I
probably would have enjoyed that game
but the concept of how it works was
similar enough to 1800 that I was like
1800 is just just a better game I might
as well go play that because it's not
from 2011 y like it's it's not really a
dig onone 2070 it's just I didn't feel a
need to play that game it had no
Nostalgia factor for me but I was like
okay this was a good game I just didn't
give it enough of a chance
oh more topics sure we can do more
topics Dan Nvidia becomes the most
valuable company for a few days
immediately tries to Strongarm their
Enterprise customers totally sounds
right on Tuesday Nvidia became the
world's most valuable company surpassing
Microsoft in market cap as it passed
Apple a week before I oh man Riley puts
in a little note here wow I guess Gamers
must really be picking up a lot of gpus
sorry uh yeah not not not even a little
uh perhaps in hopes that what goes up
could just keep going up Nvidia is
reportedly trying to pressure Partners
like Dell HP Enterprise and super micro
into buying complete server rack designs
from Nvidia starting with the
gb200 this would deprive these companies
of the margin they usually make from
designing their own racks we've heard
that story before and that is why I
don't actually know this but what I do
know is nvidia's Manner of Behaving and
that is why EVGA is no longer in the GPU
business because Nvidia slowly carefully
Generation by generation extracts more
and more of the total value of every
dollar coming in to anything that has
anything to do with one of their
Solutions until there is absolutely
nothing left for their so-called
Partners um they and I've I've told them
this to their faces and they they even
have sponsored us recently I've told
them they are the cheapest fing bastards
that I have ever worked with um yeah cuz
they they've been they've been very rich
for a very long time it's just reached a
whole new level lately but
they the
the I don't know how difficult how how
difficult they can be sometimes in what
I would consider to be
um
partnership um in in a partnership
relationship it it can be can be very
challenging and you know don't imagine
for a second that they're the only ones
I think I just I just rag on them a lot
because the disparity between um how how
well they do and how hard it is to sort
of it seems like the better they do
more they want to be difficult to work
with and and I don't think I don't think
it and I don't think all of I don't
think it's wanting to be difficult to
work with I think it's just um thinking
and in many cases rightly that if you
want to play with our ball you're going
to have to play with our
rules I get it it's not like it's not an
attitude that people can kind of
understand it's like so I'm so I'm sorry
you want to you want to build Nvidia
gpus well like we we have all the Nvidia
gpus and if you don't like the way that
you know we do GPU partnership you're
more than welcome to go make
Arc right like it's
not yeah they technically have
competitors but they don't really I'm
sure it was going on before this what
felt like the beginning of the end to me
was when they started controlling how
Brands could do box
art that was like a big sign of like oh
boy that was a public facing sign yes in
the background all kinds of other things
were going on I remember when hard ocp
back in the day uh blew the lid off of
project Greenlight where they were also
controlling how their board Partners
could build the cards and validate the
cards themselves um one of the ones that
drives me absolutely crazy do you know
why the framework uh 16 has an AMD
GPU I've heard the story but I don't
remember I don't know this for sure
because you know what to Frameworks
credit they don't tell me
anything and I don't mean that no I mean
that in a good way no I was gonna say
like didn't you basically ask for that
um I
guess sort like indirectly whether I did
or not though it wouldn't have mattered
me asking for that was just a
demonstration that we aligned um but I I
actually I was chatting with the with
the CEO at computex and uh I was I I was
just ripping him about something I can't
remember what it was
but uh basically I I don't even know
what my Shares are worth and so he he
was he was joking he was I was joking
with him I was like you don't tell you
don't tell me anything man I don't I
don't even know how much my Shares are
worth he's like oh I I can actually get
you that I'm like no forget it it
actually doesn't matter um but the the
point is that anything that is bound by
NDA he intentionally keeps me kind of at
Arms Reach oh good even compared to
other investors in some cases because he
recognizes that I am a member of the
media and even though he trusts me he
recognizes that his agreement is that he
won't talk to a member of the media
about this so it doesn't matter if I
also happen to be investor he's just not
going to do it and I respect that I
actually I actually really like that uh
because you know someone someone who
like you know is trustworthy but like
tells you something is not trustworthy
right yeah so I legitimately do not know
the answer to this question but what I
do know is a lot of things about Nvidia
what I do know is a lot of things about
how other partners have found working
with Nvidia um so what I will tell you
is that my best guess this is a very
educated guess my best guess is that the
reason that the framework 16 has an AMD
GPU and has no Nvidia options whatsoever
is that Nvidia won't allow their
Partners to build a non-standard form
factor GPU they they don't care if the
engineering is fine they don't care if a
customer wants it they don't care if
there's more you know uh repairability
and sustainability in this approach
where you don't have to swap out your
entire main board if something goes
wrong with a you know a GPU memory die
they don't care about any of that what
they care about is controlling the
ecosystem and they have decided they've
been man they've been trying to kill mxm
for so many generations so that's that's
the old kind of standard mobile GPU form
factor that manufacturers like clo have
been relying on for the like big fat
desktop replacement machines for many
many years um but they've been trying
man they've been trying to kill that
forever and imagining for a second that
Nvidia is going to allow some you know
new form factor to to pop up is just I
mean it's one of the things that I told
framework when I first heard early
rumors that they were working on a
gaming laptop it's it's one of the the
first things I told framework is like
look how are you guys going to do a GPU
like I don't understand this product um
and as it turns out they managed to get
AMD to play ball or at least one of
amd's Partners to just you know YOLO it
and do it but invidious Partners don't
dare step out of line and it's one of
those things where like think about
think about if you met a couple
okay you don't have to see what he does
to notice that his wife never speaks
yeah you know or like flinches at times
little things like like there's a lot of
signs that can that can tell you kind of
what's going on so the fact that none of
nvidia's Partners say anything doesn't
mean that everything's going great yeah
um yeah to be clear that's a good point
to be clear our new contact there has
been great we're back there's we're back
engaged with Nvidia right now just like
every company there's there's really
good people there and there's there's
really not but it's clear it scales a
lot it's clear the the relationship
Nvidia cares most about is the one with
their shareholders and you know what to
nvidia's credit they're doing real great
by their shareholders right now oh yeah
they are I I can't even man that stock
split dude at the rate it's continued to
go up I'm kind of sitting here going are
we are are we going to get above $1,000
again like what is going on here like I
man I don't own any Nvidia but I sure
wish I did at this point good Lord
um hopefully not for long and we'll
we'll we'll see if they tolerate me you
know saying this about them sometimes I
wonder because I know I know Jensen
knows who I am uh like we've met before
and stuff like that sometimes I wonder
does he hear me talk about you know
nvidia's tight grip on its Partnerships
and does he go oh L is being mean to me
or does it go lonus gets it that's how I
do things I'm not sure I genuinely
suspect it's
that he it's not like he shies away from
being like yeah a a strong leader and
you know what in a weird way I kind of
if he does own it like that I do respect
that slightly more cuz it it is worse in
my opinion you like no no I don't and
then you just do it anyways okay so if
he owned it like that's still bad I
agree with you that hypocrisy makes any
crime worse yeah I'm not saying it's a
good thing yeah yeah but I do agree with
you yeah hypocrisy makes any
transgression
much much worse but if he did watch this
and was like yeah yep that's how we do
it that's how we that's how we've
crushed it since I founded this company
and that's how we're going to keep
crushing it we are you know one of the
world's most valuable companies we have
like one product okay they don't have
one product but they have gpus and GPU
accessories essentially right um that
melanox acquisition man looking when I
saw it I was like that seems pretty
smart you know data center you know
communic I didn't know where they were
going with huge that was so much bigger
than I realized yeah
dude dude he's got that Vision
so when does Nvidia just like acquire
AMD there's no way antitrust wise
there's no way they could do it even
sort of but like Nvidia plus
AMD I feel like that's something that
they super don't want to do oh no I I
don't think they want to do it they
don't they don't actually want to be a
monopoly but I'm imagining what a what a
Powerhouse that could be not that you
know what maybe the x86 license just
doesn't matter anymore though cuz that's
the kind of thing that you used to kind
of like think about five years ago is
like oh yeah man like what if n had an
x86 license you had an x86 license cuz
like how many years you got you think
x86 has left on it did you see framework
I'm so excited has a risk five board is
it in the dock I'm actually not sure we
can talk like want to buy one I think
it's more exciting to me than like a
switch is really it's so cool so so I I
I asked framework because I like just
asking questions I know I'm not going to
get an answer to uh I asked framework at
computex if they had anything coming
with the new Qualcomm chips because on
the one hand it's obviously a turning
point for the PC industry we're turning
in some direction here and I I was and
actually I continue to be pretty jazzed
about it I'm there's going to be some
there's some early growing pains for
sure but I'm I'm legitimately excited
about Windows on arm uh so I asked them
I was like hey are you guys going to
have Qualcomm Snapdragon X chips um and
they were like Hest you know I can't
answer that and I was like all right um
but what they especially didn't answer
was that they were just like you know
leap frogging going like oh man arm old
news we're going to have our risk five
board so sick we have a topic in the
dock for this framework risk let do it
now then at another risk 5 laptop too a
company called Deep Computing is
creating a framework laptop 13 mainboard
powered by a star five JH
7110 risk 5 processor it's a developer
focused product aimed at making
tinkering with risk 5 more accessible
still it's one of the first instances is
of a consumer focused product built with
the risk 5 which is why I in particular
am excited which FYI is a fully open
architecture so anyone can create their
own processors without paying a fee so
cool so cool but look there's another
one too the siped lm4 a compute module
is a small board with a t head th 1520
risk 5 processor I still like it better
than qualcomm's naming scheme yeah these
are both somehow
better tead is rough what are you
British oh no oh man um anyways you can
get that that tead processor in there uh
spiffing Brit in a computer uh that can
be used to power various PC form factors
like the lii book 4
a the discussion question is I lack any
context necessary to understand the
capabilities of these processors but I'm
sure they're pretty neat it's very cool
that they're showing up in consumer
products that is really cool and I'm way
more excited about them now that I've
seen the
accelerated uh trajectory of uh
emulation yeah so yeah risk obviously
risk five is is is not as simple as just
taking your x86 code or your arm code
and just you know plopping it on there
especially things as complex as
operating systems and games um it's it's
going to be it's going to be
slow but if we look at the at the
accelerating rate of
change so the the like accelerating
acceleration or whatever whatever the
point is that no no that makes
accelerating rate of change yeah no I
know it makes sense but it's just like
yeah yeah yeah if we look at the the the
accelerating rate of change in in
development of emulation
and in the in the portability of
software by by portability I mean from
platform to platform that
really we have the iPhone to thank
for think about it yeah I think I see
it it's weird it's a weird thing to
think about but if it wasn't for the
iPhone would we have ever gotten a big B
enough
platform that real developers like big
developers would have made team viewer
and Adobe Adobe Creative apps and and
and all these things even even like
being I mean you can SSH into service
from your phone would there have well I
mean you could do that you could do that
on you know a Blackberry or whatever but
the difference but the difference is
that what Apple built was
momentum they built and install
base that led to very significant
development being done for arm U that
led to very significant work being done
on porting applications from x86 to arm
um so obviously this is not a solo
effort thing but if we were going to
look at sort of a if we were trying to
find a turning point you know back to
back to turning points again man the
iPhone was such a moment um
freaking incredible um and so and so
looking at how long that transition took
until we went oh yeah these These Arm
chips are great why don't we just you
know put them in a laptop and looking at
you know how far away we are probably
from someone being like Oh well if it's
great in a laptop why don't we just
throw it in a small form factor desktop
and then I think you can kind of see
where we're going from there right um
looking at how long that took and then
looking at the momentum risk five has
right now you know we got a game Run
on like a random risk motherboard with
like an AMD GPU in it running Linux
right Tanner got like trucker simulator
running or something like that so sick
and it looked like butt who cares was
terrible it's so cool but the fact that
it ran
yeah this is this it's happening right
now man it's it's it's exciting um and I
think it's super cool that framework
investment disclosure not that I haven't
talked about it plenty on the show so
far today I think it's super cool that
framework is ending up you know in as
part as part of this transition I mean
they didn't make the board themselves
but like they're they're a platform I
guess I guess if you want to make
they're an enabler if you were going to
make a motherboard thinking oh yeah I
needed I need a mother I'm going to make
a I'm going to make a laptop motherboard
and I want there to be some hope that
there's an install base for people to
put it
in yeah who else but framework yeah I
didn't even maybe I did think of that
but it's not something I've thought
about in a long time the idea of third
parties creating motherboards for
framework
laptops I wonder how hard it would be to
do this is interesting you know that
like uh you know someone like an Asus or
like Zotac or whatever you know they do
board designs like all the time for gpus
that just never make it to Market
because Nvidia won't Greenlight it or
you know whatever else um I wonder how
hard it would be to make like a like a
4060 mobile GPU like to just get one
made like if I just bought a 4060 like
desktop card or if I bought a a lap like
a 4060 laptop like I actually Wonder
obviously I couldn't do it myself you
need like design docks and stuff like
that but I wonder if I could find
someone who would stealth
there's no way it would be affordable
but that would be a banger video how
crazy would that be if I was like there
is no reason Nvidia couldn't make a
framework GPU and we like went to
someone and like quietly made one and
we're just like like look I I'm sworn to
secrecy I won't I won't tell Nvidia who
made it for me I wonder if you could
work with strange Parts um probably
probably we wouldn't need to not not
that not that I wouldn't be down love
Scotty yeah
but the way to get it done would
probably just be to go to a partner
directly and we we know the major board
guys like it should be
fine that'd be so cool that'd be pretty
sick uh Noki says I mean it is possible
yeah exactly most of the board is just a
bunch of power regulators and mini caps
and resistors yeah we know it's we we
know it's possible like yeah oh oh 100
100% possible it's just you
know not exactly within our capabilities
I'm assuming at least who knows days
it's not
yeah we got some we got some fancy
people here though oh kingpin's
apparently at p and Y now yeah oh wow
okay speaking of people who know a lot
about board
design cool all right what's up what's
up
next let's see you could do more topics
we got some time for sponsors oh we
should do sponsors yes let's do sponsors
let do sponsors the show is brought to
you today by Squarespace have you been
trying to have you been trying to Bob
Ross your business's website but it just
ends up looking like a fishing site
Dan's Bakery click to view $75 is that a
potato or bread I really can't tell it's
bread but it took me a moment okay
Squarespace is here to level up your
online presence with Squarespace
blueprint a tool designed to give you
great layouts and styling options your
website will be optimized for every
device they also have integrated
optimized SEO tools so you show up more
often to more people
and Squarespace makes shopping on your
site easy they accept credit cards
PayPal and even Apple pay to give your
customers flexibility of course we use
Squarespace to build our own websites
too oh I'm so sad I said
websites Linus medag group.com and
remember our other one that we use
Squarespace for yeah LTX expo.com yeah
that one's dead um anyway you'll always
be a happy little tree because they have
a 247 support team to help oh is it is
it actually
up oh I mean sort of never mind so start
building your website today and get 10%
off your first purchase by visiting
squarespace.com
slw hey thanks Squarespace for
sponsoring the W show you know who else
sponsors the W show MSI feeling burnt by
the sun
outside stay indoors and game on the new
MSI on a new MSI monitor with OLED care
2.0 designed to help prevent screen
burning their new MSI mag 341 cqp
qd-oled which I still think is a better
name than those Snap Dragon chips is
great for having the ultimate gaming
experience this next gen QD OLED panel
delivers beautiful image quality with
fast .3 MC gr to grade response times
and a 175 HZ refresh rate it's got HDMI
2.1 with the full 48 gbit per second for
console Gamers perfect for nextg
consoles and the factory pre- calibrates
the monitor so you get precise color
accuracy and buttery smooth color
transitions you can also that actually
doesn't have to do oh color oh no I get
it yeah yeah well that's more to do with
the lookup table it doesn't matter the
point is you can also use their gaming
intelligence app to customize your
perfect settings for gaming and they
have a three-year burning warranty now
if only sunscreen lasted that long check
it out at the link in the video
description finally the show is brought
to you by control d uh this is you
wandering around the wild internet
you'd never know what you're going to
have thrown at you our sponsor control D
is here to steer all the threats away
from you control D offers strong
security and privacy features as a
cloud-based DNS service uh what is DNS
I'm glad you asked it stands for domain
name system I thought it was
service is it service or system some
some of my talking points today are
pretty broken I'm not going to
lie system okay it is system wow that's
that's that's great anyway it's a tool
that turns going to lie I really thought
it was service I thought it was a
service too it turns website names into
IP addresses so computers can find them
easily and with contrl d you can see or
avoid uh anything I you can set what you
want to see or avoid on the
Internet it's basically a safeguard for
your whole network control D also has 18
in-house maintained block lists for your
security needs if that's not enough you
can choose from over 900 individually
controllable websites Services apps and
platforms to block allow or redirect via
proxy and if you need help with
installation on your device or router
they have software available that makes
setup a breeze so take control of your
DNS with contr D at the link down
below all right okay man I'm not we we
moved I'm not blaming anybody we moved
the show up by like 6 and 1/2 hours or
something like that today so people
didn't have their normal amount time to
prep things but uh yeah I think the I
think the sponsor talking points did not
get the usual once
over got some merch messages for you
sure hit me Dan actually this one's for
Luke not you oh fine hello w. DL
question for Luke any fun stories from
op sauce get a chance to meet up with
nerd Forge or other creators I drive by
the Cow Palace every day but sadly
couldn't make it myself Cow Palace was
cool that was a good venue for it uh I
did meet up with nerd Forge they were
awesome I had never met them before so
cool I wasn't in office when they did
the thing so cool very cool people was
very happy I got to meet up with them I
got to meet up with a bunch of other
creators as well which was
fantastic
um probably the coolest individual
moment did you see the yard boys yeah I
got to meet them for the first time too
which was cool um the the coolest moment
was when Adam Savage said his thing um
when he saw the screwdriver
the stubby so we brought the like three
well we uh Sebastian and tinan brought
the the 3x stubby oh they're from the
Creator Warehouse engineering team yeah
and uh Adam Savage was very happy to see
it which was yeah Sebastian was telling
me he's like it was it was pretty cool
just like no you didn't yeah and no you
didn't yeah it's cool there's a whole
circle of people and he spotted it like
through the circle and then and then got
all excited apparently he loves the
screwdriver which I'm finding out for
the first first time which is super cool
yeah yeah massive very much so massive
kudos to the team yeah I I I was
thinking like okay it's because my
understanding of why like I form lines
at
LTX is just really hardcore fans go to
LTX and really hardcore fans watch wow I
don't really show up in much other
content and haven't for
years no but there also are old like
kind of Evergreen videos with you that
have millions and millions of views and
there some residual like oh yeah that
guy I went to open sace and was like I'm
going to do a couple panels and it'll be
cool to like go see the show no one's
really going to know who I am I made it
one booth onto the floor and had a line
for three and a half hours then someone
had to pull me out of it so I could go
to a
panel and then that happened again nice
I got to see two booths because it was
the first Booth I saw one time and then
the first Booth I saw another time and
then rest of the show was the thing is
like it that crowd though right like
lowkey you and your team run one of the
I mean maybe not you know maybe not top
10 but certainly top 100 like video
platforms like on the internet float
plane there was a surprising amount of
people that when you know you like maybe
ask a couple questions and stuff when
you say hi that we talking about like
the engineering behind float plane yeah
which is interesting I don't mean by
necessarily yeah I don't I don't
necessarily mean by you know number of
creators on it CU we aren't top anything
for that we we only have a small handful
on there but in terms of bandwidth
served um it's actually decently high
flow plane is like a decent Siz platform
um and and you're you and your team are
like what 10 people at this point barely
on float plane a lot less than that oh
yeah that's that's true the ones that
actually are dedicated to float plane
it's more like five so yeah yeah and one
of them is only like halftime so yeah I
mean that's that's something that this
crowd would think is super cool yeah we
had a lot of conversations about that
too I had a couple people that guessed
how many people were on the team and
they were like like 10x the amount that
it actually is um it's a super good it's
an awesome team it was a very very cool
event um the speaking of the panels are
the recordings anywhere I think so
actually I think you might have to pay
to access them I'm not sure um but yeah
the William Osman and his team did a
fantastic job as far as I know this is
only the second one and it doesn't show
you'd have no idea this was the second
one it feels like a fairly mature show
we should have them do our shows maybe
there was there was some takeaways in
regards like if we do another LTX again
there's things that they did that were
really good there's also things about
LTX that I think might have been a
little bit better um there was there was
positives and negatives all over the
place but Open sauce was a really really
cool event not only did they have the
main stage and the secondary stage so
they had a lot of panels that you'd be
able to go to but the the Creator Museum
was such a cool idea where like I'm I'm
sure someone on the team organizing the
event understands that a lot of the
people that would be interested in going
to that event are creators and makers of
some form whether they are creators and
makers that post YouTube videos or not
who knows but they're creators and
makers so they had this idea of the
Creator Museum you could bring pieces to
just show people um and I I believe the
Creator Museum was not a paid placement
thing that's super cool it's like I just
have something neat I want people to be
able to see it you could just have a
little area um and they had tons of
stuff in there that was super
interesting that I didn't really get to
see but I heard through the grap find
there was super interesting things uh
like one was a shrimp that fries
rice so it used it used like a a camera
to track the shrimp around a fake
submerged little kitchen and then it
would like uh I think recreate the
movement in like a a walk thingy that's
frying the like just hilarious maker
stuff um I I yeah I don't know really
cool event tons of really cool things to
see if you follow maker creators uh or
Tech creators or whatever on YouTube a
lot of their stuff was there MH people
would bring like these cool projects
that they spent like months making and
they would just bring it and you can you
can touch it and use it and in some
cases like ride around on it cuz there
was like rideables that people had just
made so cool super super cool really
really cool event so I don't know if
you're interested go next year it's
fantastic hopefully I'll be there and
I'm trying to convince some more people
on the team to come down so yeah I'm
taking vacation next year nice I'm
definitely going it was really you would
really like it I I've been following
basically everyone there for forever
amazing it was great um next up this is
a question I've been getting a lot
actually do you plan bringing back the
older older water bottle colors which
previously
existed uh I have no idea I'm going to
be honest with you I don't really know
why we don't have any water bottles in
stock I think it was a whole like we
were trying to we were trying to get our
stocking strategy sort of figured out
and then we like didn't Place orders for
a bit and then maybe fulfillment was
slow I actually have no idea what going
on with water bottles you might have to
forward that one I'm Sor we do have
some just reducing some of the colors do
we yes we have some oh wow we have very
few colors yeah I believe colors down
but we have the classic we have the
stealth we have the black and gold we
have the black white and black and then
we're sold out on the Atlantic blue okay
but we used to have like a ton of colors
whack ton of colors
do we also just buy one of the capacitor
ones these ones are so fun these don't
sell like they do but like at a trickle
the capacitor it's a it's a big
capacitor it looks like a big giant
capacitor on your desk how do you not
love it anyway uh oh do we have any like
store news or anything like that oh yeah
there's something under your desk oh my
God we're finally launching this how did
I not talk about this in like the first
5 minutes of the show it's under your
desk are you taking it home
I already have one that makes sense cuz
of course I do I'm getting a cat on
Monday oh you are yeah oh congrats right
you're like yeah yeah I remember that
okay
yeah vag and ambig I just I don't know I
want to say it's vagan ambiguous don't
continue yeah exactly yeah that's fine
we're good it's fine just fine yeah this
is it the Retro monitor pet
[Applause]
cave how cute is it look how cute it is
it's a little CRT monitor that's a a
little cat or dog bed and uh and Lloyd
made it look like a little monitor look
it has it has little ports and it has a
little has a little z13 power connector
and I forget what this barcode does yeah
can you scan that probably Rick rolls
you I don't know uh and then on the
inside it's it's static oh it's static
fuzz and it's got a little dial
interface that's pretty good it's a
little CRT Monitor and oh oh and and
looks very comfy and thoughtfully
designed as always oh smart so the
pillow is removable in case you your cat
you know is it looks like a like a
Minecraft shirt incontinent um and also
this side okay okay hold on touch it no
no not with your hand what no no no face
oh with with with his hand uh okay yeah
yeah yeah go go go ahe go ahead and go
ahead and touch it yeah is it soft that
is soft it's soft okay okay now touch
this side that is less soft yeah okay
but I feel like if I but that's by
Design deposited liquid on it it would
go well well no no no no it's not
waterproof but what it is is um is less
hair uh ah nice okay so depending on
like what type of cat have you might
want to flip it yeah so you can flip it
depending on what's better for kind of
your situation and it has a convenient
zipper to pull out the pillow and you
can you can wash this separately or you
know if it comes down to it you could
just restu it with you know something
else if uh which it it might which which
might happen
um it has little uh little grippy dots
on the
bottom kind of try and catch the Light
here yeah it has little grippy dots on
the bottom so it won't you know
accidentally scoot around and you know
why this took so long
packing figuring out how to fold it down
this is you collapse it yeah it comes
collapsed so this is what it looks like
right when you pop it out and if you
want you can steam it and you can get it
like looking real clean but the initial
packing solution from these guys it
would come out looking just terrible and
we wanted the unboxing experience to be
a lot better so figuring out how to nail
this down
was
everything everything takes us like
three times longer because we're
obsessive how sturdy is the top oh guys
it's it's it's it's like collapsible
like a cat is not sitting on the top
it's it's for going inside they'd
probably enjoy jumping on it and getting
enveloped Maybe not maybe not the first
time yeah definitely not the first time
um anyway it's
$49.99 hey my birds could stand on it
and it wouldn't collapse and I guess I
covered all the other talking points on
my own uh get your pet off your PC set
up and into their own is apparently our
our tagline for this thing let's go
ahead and how cute is that picture that
is ridiculously cute a I love
it there you go so we'll go through the
product pictures retro monitor pet
cave our pictures are getting a lot
better yes it's nice great job great job
team oh my god get in
there so cute H oh look at that we got
all the man our our photo game is
getting so much better dude yeah so much
better why aren't there more cute cat
pictures
[Music]
though okay sorry sorry sorry sorry I
think there's oh oh oh interesting this
is so more news yeah this is not LTT
store related but we are doing a garage
sale for the first time in
nine years eight years can I go buy
stuff I don't see why not uh July 6th
from 10:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the LT Labs
building we have 400 plus items we have
keyboards mice headset speakers computer
components LTT store.com items will not
be available for purchase we do not have
inventory of that here this is just a
garage sale of just random stuff we need
to get rid of um you must park on the
street somewhere or Uber or something we
don't have parking for you so you'll
have to go on Google Maps and the
parking on the street is rough it's
terrible be prepared to walk be prepared
to hike yes um and it is credit debit
only we are not going to be taking cash
so there you go guys garage sale uh it's
coming July
6th um yeah I guess I guess staff can
buy stuff it's it's probably going to be
like reverse auction style kind of like
we did it last time so you know how an
auction you start low and just go up
high so this in this case I think we'll
probably start with I'll probably I'm
probably going to be like running a lot
of it and I'll just be like I don't know
I think this is worth 20 bucks oh I can
also just do that if you want um
12 who wants it what would be kind of
funny
is I I could help you run that and then
if prices of certain things get low
enough I'll just be like well I'll take
it just leave your credit card with Ivon
yeah swipe it I've putting this one in
the
[Laughter]
back all right that's fun uh people are
asking is it worth flying here I I no I
mean no the the amount you're going to
spend on the plane ticket yeah is going
to make the discount on the items yeah
just buy yourself a stick of ram yeah
like you're good you're good you're good
buddy that's not how you Bargain shop
yeah let me fly somewhere and get a
hotel and rent a
car okay I mean you know people like do
travel for shopping sometimes yeah but
not for like that I'm just saying I'm
just saying it's totally a thing I I I
don't know I get a kick out of it when
people are buying like commodity stuff
they're like oh yeah I'm buying jewelry
I'm
like the price of gold is the same
everywhere in the world what are you
what are you talking about
yeah any who yeah all right I got a
couple more for you here unless you want
to save them for later up to you yeah
let's save them for later I think sounds
good I think we might sell a few retr
monitor pet caves now uh yeah yeah they
were not registering on the most popular
item list and now they are number three
soon to be number two with the way that
things are going so uh let's go retro
monitor pet cave let's go uh all right
topic what do you want to do our our I
think our last title topic main topic
call out topic whatever SoftBank
developing realtime emotion cancelling
Tech okay this is the smartest use of AI
that I have seen yet yeah I think people
are going to work around it but but yeah
actually how will they work around it uh
we'll I'll get to that all right
Japanese well only sort of working
around it uh Japanese Tech Giant soft
bank has announced it is working on
emotion cancelling AI technology that
alters the tone and pitch of angry
customers in real time making them s
found calmer when they call customer
service Representatives the project is
designed to protect workers from
customer harassment a press a pressing
issue in many places but one that's
referred to specifically in Japan as
kasu Hara which just sounds like
customer harassment but not English uh
but it doesn't change the words being
spoken and for service reps being told
to deescalate angry customers not
getting the full context of what's being
said might make that job harder one
redditor argues this is treating a
symptom rather than the cause likening
it to foxcon factory to a foxcon factory
in China responding to distraught
workers throwing themselves out of
Windows by surrounding the building with
Nets back in
2017 I don't think it's that I think
that's a pretty drastic comparison I I I
don't agree with that comparison at all
I think that some people are just jerks
Y and if if you could just if you could
just make a customer service agent's day
a little bit less unpleasant that sounds
great I don't think you're going to be
missing I don't think you're going to be
missing any context you would need oh no
I'm I'm worried the only thing I'm
worried about is that if this if the
knowledge of this thing existing becomes
widespread people are going to become
more colorful with their language to
compensate I I doubt it yeah I think
especially when people are angry they're
going to talk in in if anything a more
natural way they start start getting
into like almost autopilot range mode
yeah like I no I actually strongly
disagree I think that this is a win I
think that oh no I think it's a good
thing I'm just worried people are going
to try to work around it and use worse
language but overall I think it's a good
thing yeah I I don't think people I I
don't think the average person calling a
customer support line and yelling at
someone is going to be that smart like
coherent enough to do that I I I have
this theory that a lot of anger is
actually not anger it's just
misunderstanding I think that if we if
we understood a situation there are many
times when it wouldn't be as necessary
to be angry about it think about the
average customer support ticket though
Luke I'm not talking about being angry
okay about about inquality in the realm
of customer support okay I mean just the
just the kind of like the stuff I've had
to see Joe deal with
exactly exactly right and to be clear
the vast majority of tickets he deals
with are fine there's just every once in
a while stuff that's just like what is
going on EX so so if we think about when
I talk about anger I don't mean I don't
mean like a deep a deeply held belief in
In fairness that the world is not you
know living up to that's that's not what
I'm talking about I'm talking about
like you know just uh
my
phone's you glass is
broken maybe if I didn't do that to it
you know my glass might not be broken
right he actually huged it at the
ground
phonies um that was that was real like
I'm I'm talking about I'm talking about
that kind of of just like irrational
anger right where where where
realistically if you if you stopped and
and slowed down and thought okay what is
the cause of this situation I'm finding
myself in it might be that I'm not
careful MH it might be that I need to do
a little bit of introspection or I also
think a lot of the time that if if
you're calling in and raging at customer
support which is not okay for a variety
of
reasons I'm sort of almost hoping that a
lot of your the rest of your day was
like really bad and it's just being yeah
this is like a a venting situation which
is not how you should do that but like
yeah so so anyway I think yeah exactly I
think a lot of I think a lot of anger is
just being
um kind of
dumb or or like emotionally what about
when you're yelling at the YouTube
people on the phone then which YouTube
people haven't you done that before yell
at them yeah or wa write angry emails I
guess I mean I've certainly written I
rate emails
but a lot of the time the thing that I
am the thing that I am frustrated by is
pretty
justifiable okay like so when you write
I rate emails it's not here well do you
want oh absolutely oh I I never said I'm
not dumb sometimes okay I wear that oh
dude I wear that on my sleeve I'm not
perfect yeah yeah I'm not perfect um but
I think there's a big difference between
the kind of temper tantrums that this is
designed to mitigate versus like writing
an email um so so I so I don't think it
changes the point that like that sort of
just you know not understanding cuz a
lot of the time what people are mad
about is they like they don't understand
that paying for express shipping doesn't
mean that someone was standing there
like looking at the at the incoming
orders and being like okay there it is
throwing it in a box at 3 in the morning
on a Saturday right it just means that
once we hand it to the shipper it will
go that leg of the journey faster right
we would run into that at NCIX all the
time people be like express shipping
says 2 to 4 days it's been 5 days we're
like you place sir sir sir sir sir you
place it at 11:59 on Friday yeah okay we
sir sir sir we don't work we sir sir sir
I'm GNA have to ask you sir please calm
down right oh here's a question do you
think it's going to run all the time or
do you think it's going to
detect oh I think it would almost
certainly detect because I think if it
ran all the time that would kind of suck
cuz if you're just listening to like
monotone robot voice no I literally all
day if if it works well it would detect
when and then kick in y and people are
saying like people will change their
their language to be more colorful to
make their point I think there's no
reason it couldn't detect that too oh
sure yeah just like it says it's not
going to change the oh it could bleep
though it could bleep swear wordss sure
why not yeah I mean I think this will
this will create like almost more fun
water cooler talk I I think it would be
pretty entertaining to be the team in
charge of creating the list of words and
phrases that are going to be
bleep like
man I'm so so wow that's really
interesting we're allowed to discuss
this right
now I I I just I love the water cooler
talk idea of just like man I had the
craziest emotion cancel today was going
off oh I love that um pretty sure
there's already a good dictionary for
that says Omega total yeah
urbandictionary.com everyone knows
urbandictionary.com
man man I had I had a Zoomer say sweet
to me the other
day is that coming back I don't think so
I think it's just his like second or
third language probably learned to speak
English from Millennials y 2K fashion is
coming back but it just like it blew my
mind cuz I was like I'll pick I'll pick
you up in front of the building and they
were like sweet sweet I like sweet
aren't you like 10 12 years younger than
me what I I have you seen that uh Y2K
fashion yeah so there YK fashion
again fashion from the year 2000 oh when
you say Y2K I assume you mean like the Y
2K bug oh okay that makes sense um but
nobody called the year nobody refers to
the year 2 as y
2K that's fair come
on um 2000's fashion then okay there's
like I don't know what it was on cuz
Emma showed me I know lowrise jeans are
back probably Instagram or something um
but there's this there's this girl
talking to her mom about modern fashion
trends and she mentions y 2K fashion and
her mom's like wait what is that and
she's like oh you wouldn't know it's
like too
new and you you can tell like it
definitely wasn't a staged video um cuz
cuz the daughters like mildly annoyed at
the conversation cuz she's like oh my
goodness like you wouldn't you wouldn't
know you know what's hilarious is
Fashion's always been cyclical to a
degree I thought it wouldn't be anymore
because the internet but look but hold
on but hold on look at how the cycle of
everything is speeding up speed the new
cycle is faster the meme cycle is faster
is the fashion cycle so fast now that
instead of coming back around to you
know what was cool right before or after
your mom you're actually coming right
back around to like what was cool when
your mom was cool at the same age
whoops yeah I mean it seems like it cuz
that that seems weird to me there was
some stuff that was pretty dumb in the
early 2000 remember those jeans that
didn't have the seam down the middle
yeah those were horrible those were dumb
there was there was some pretty dumb
stuff but overall if everyone just kind
of dressed like the early 2000s again
I'd be down me too I also heard that
people are partying to blink182 music
and stuff dude all of I'm like super
down with all I think I think I've had
this conversation with you already about
how like new music is really struggling
because of streaming and algorithms and
just kind of and and the the the Aging
libraries of established artists are
being sucked up by like yes VC Capital
VC Capital backed just like holding
firms and like
pretty much the value of old music for
the first time ever is greater than the
value of new music like I put on I put
on just popular music on some random
streaming platform and it just plays
stuff that I'm like whereas when I
listen to stuff that my mom and dad
listened to I'm like that's very
different yeah um but as soon as
everything just went computerized well
okay yeah we're just playing around with
new ideas of what we can do with a
computer essentially and I know the
obviously there's going to be Niche
genres that
are different or whatever but at the end
of the day a lot of the a lot of the
popular music is still going to be like
you've seen that bit I forget what the
guys are called but the every so every
popular song is like three chords or
whatever yeah yeah it's funny but yeah
and that's that's not going to stop
being a thing because there's actual
physiological reasons for it like the
the resonance and like of those cords
like feels good in your body and stuff
like it's a it's a whole thing um so
it's not going it's not going away but
um yeah I was at a I was at a dance
recital for one of one of my progyny and
the main the main act from like the the
senior kids was a dance off between
M&M's and M&M's um so they they they
played a variety of like and when I say
&m music I don't mean anything he's done
semi- recently I mean like hi my name is
really what my name is like like like
old like 1999 1998 emm music wow and
then uh they had the other team of
dancers
um being like I want candy so they were
M&M's and M&M's and they did kind of
like a like a dance battle between it
was it was pretty cute um anyway I'm
kind of sitting here
going why why is this
this doesn't make any sense it does seem
kind of weird right like I don't
know I had a I had a theory very
temporarily that people were partying to
blink182 so that the like uh Millennials
next door wouldn't get
mad but I don't know I mean I'd Rock up
to Blink 182 apparently Simple Plan like
just never got uncool like really Emily
s and I were bonding over like loving
simple plan on the way back from our
trip to see the steam deck
cuz we I forget why but we ended up
having to drive um and we ended up stuck
in the car for you know 3 and a half
hours or something like that um I don't
know that they like still still are I
was just trying to see if they still
release music we both we like super into
simple plan in high school and I'm like
dude we are not close enough in age to
be into the same stuff in high school
she's also a Gilmore Girls fan which
also ended way before but Simple Plan
didn't end like she was listening to new
simple plan in high school and so was I
so she didn't even know a lot of their
old songs and I'm like dude dude and
she's like dude this is great they have
a they have a song from eight months ago
that has a million views that's not like
insane for music these days on YouTube
nope but it's not it's still a million
views yep for a band that's been going
this long that's like pretty good and
they make their money touring anyway
like like any small a lot of their
videos are touring videos for sure like
any small band like I I I saw them live
at the Croatian Cultural Center yeah to
give you some idea um it was awesome
super intimate venue nowhere to sit I
prefer those by a lot it was great I saw
them again I saw them again at the
Pacific Coliseum and it was fine yeah
not as good but like Croatian Cultural
Center dude it was awesome I I I
actually just think I might be over
going to Big
concerts so I agree but I I am I am
agreeing with you even more em and I
went to go see the stardew valley
concert wait Simple Plan is opening for
ail she was in town I was like I found
out the day before the show and I was
like f you want to like go cuz she's got
a bunch of AAL in her playlist right now
and she was like I don't know maybe
maybe not and I was like okay yeah sure
forget Simple Plan if I knew Simple Plan
was there too I think that might have
pushed me over the edge sorry go ahead
uh uh right yeah em and I went to the
the stardew valley concert and it was in
a very surprisingly small venue I
guarantee you they could have booked one
significantly larger and still sold out
uh because they sold out like fast but
it was great it was awesome and a big
part of the reason why it was awesome
was because it wasn't huge I saw the
Bare Naked Ladies um at a
WWF not World Wrestling Federation World
Wildlife Fund um at a WWF benefit
concert in like a small one of the like
small Vancouver theaters so it was like
400 500 people or something like that
mindblowing so good and then I saw them
again at like GM place or whatever that
arena is called now and it was like I
can kind of I can kind of make out like
uh the weird guy who ended up being like
coked out doing his weird like kick
dance or whatever like I don't know it
wasn't wasn't that great and thank you
Duke of Gondor I agree my conu shirt is
sick um my my sister made it for me she
had kind of a thing where she would um
she would go to thrift stores and buy
unloved things that had something wrong
with them and then she would combine
them into something that someone would
love and uh she actually made me a
couple of so you can see it's
uh hand stitched kind of poorly cuz she
was just like I don't know whatever uh
realistically it looks like it looks
like it was meant to look that way yeah
realistically any any amount of
remaining life in this is more than it
had before uh so she actually made me a
couple of these uh one was this cuz she
was just like yeah I don't know you like
the Canucks cuz I was pretty into I was
pretty into the Canucks back then and it
was hard to buy merch with the old logo
and I liked the old logo more the old
logo is sick and um skate very CL she
did me another one that was uh she found
a marine land shirt you know that
aquarium water uh exhibition like that
Park that was in Niagara Falls Ontario
or maybe is still there so she and I did
a cross country trip with my mom when I
got my driver's license and um oh you
drove yeah kind the day I got my license
you across the country yeah nice um and
and my sister went too because she got
her license at the same time as me
actually even though she was older and
so the three of us went across the
country um one heck of a way to learn
yep one moment no
worries want me to cover something or
you good anyway no I'm good okay um so
one of the places that I wanted to go
was Marin land and the only reason I
wanted to go there it was like my one
request okay so my mom wanted to go to
Halifax and eat Atlantic Lobster okay I
yeah we're going across the country but
we're not going to eat Atlantic Lobster
good goal absolutely um and my thing was
I wanted to go to Marin land and the
only reason that I cared um it was that
they had this super catchy jingle on TV
when I was a little kid
[Music]
it worked the marketing was effective
yeah so they just had this like this uh
this catch this catchphrase in the
jingle everyone loves Marine yeah I
remember it you know the one
niagar
niag think Marland is the place to go
seeing friends you miss a great big kiss
everyone loves Marland yeah so so that's
the only reason I cared that was so well
done
um oh my goodness so yeah it's an ear
it's an ear uh what What's it's an ear
worm for sure uh so anyway um we didn't
get to Marin land because my my birthday
and the start of the school year lined
up in such a way that our trip was
pretty short yeah and we made the
difficult call to not go down into the
into Canada's penis and uh and visit
Niagara Falls um kind of true yeah and
get
America
anyway I mean they definitely put more
of their culture in us than we do in
them so yeah yeah um any any who we
didn't make it so so many years later
she came across a random marine land
t-shirt and so she she cut it out for me
and made me she also made me a marine
land shirt and the reason I don't have
that one on today is that I um I
actually wore it so much like it was
this obnoxious bright orange T-shirt
with like a sort of poorly cut out and
that was kind of the vibe yeah like it
was kind of her Jam right was that it
didn't look it didn't look like it was
supposed to be like that but it looks
like it was done on purpose that's that
like I I it feels like a design so I
just had this random marine land logo on
the shirt and um and that's the story I
forget why I'm even I oh I foret am I
even talking about this story oh yeah
someone said they liked my conu shirt
thank you very much so that's the
memorial I'm attending today yeah
yeah um AMD publishes bad benchmarks
sure AMD released benchmarks for their
New Zen 3 chips the 5800 XT and the 5900
XT apparently bin versions of the 5800 X
and the 5950 X which claim that gaming
performance is on par or better than
Intel's 13th gen I5 13 600
KF and the i7 13700 K respectively they
achieved these misleading results by
pairing each CPU with a three-year-old
entrylevel GPU the Radeon RX 6600 which
effectively neutralizes the performance
difference of each CPU by heavily GPU
limiting their tests Hardware unbox
called out the bogus benchmarks and
published results of their own tests
using both this RX 6600 and the RX 7900
XT which showed significant differences
in the performance of the various CPUs
when performance uh when GPU limitations
were less of a
factor and the discussion question is is
amd's marketing lying about the
performance of their CPUs or simply
setting up a scenario that points uh
paints their Hardware in the best
possible light does it matter I mean it
matters um it matters but it also is why
we have Independent Media and why we we
need to take
the funny thing to me about this one is
that AMD doesn't like have to do this
yeah they're doing really well in the
CPU game right now and I it's it's so
seems like an unnecessary risk back to
my qualcom meeting it's um you know when
someone's coming in from a position of
strength um like they are you know with
their battery life claims and all of
that hey go to sleep it's very rare it's
very rare that they they are the ones
that are are fudging you know like
Nvidia was in such a dominant position
for so long that they started actually
creating tools like their pecat which
completely changed the game for power
monitoring for gpus their FCAT which
completely changed the game for
monitoring uh frame times um they they
came out with these tools and equipped
Independent Media to better validate
that their solution was way better and
that was in their best interest so so
normally when you're in a position of
strength
you're the one who is like working hard
to make sure that independent media
coverage correctly identifies how much
butt you're kicking yeah right it's very
unusual for the leader to come in and
just fool around like this and this is
one of those ones that I kind of look at
and I
go there's no way that the technical
people liked this like I I've met plenty
of people at AMD over the years uh
there's no way the technical anyone
liked this I don't even think that this
is particularly aligned with amd's
overall Behavior as a company so I have
a hard time believing that top brass
thought this was okay this seems like
one of those slipped through this seems
like one of those middle layer things
where someone in a with a with
decision-making power of some sort was
like some bonus structure they were
trying to hit something maybe they're
trying to they're really trying to sell
a bunch of these chips for some reason
and pushed this through and AMD needs to
go back internally and figure out what
happened here and make sure it doesn't
happen again yeah no this is this is
over the line for me for sure this is
past this is beyond presenting your
product in the best light and this is
this is into misleading
territory this does look like I I just
found the actual chart uh do you want to
go to my screen I know why it doesn't I
still have a
that's pretty
suspicious
what all results are up
too yeah
yeah it's pretty suspicious they have
other charts as well uh I don't remember
exactly where they are there we
go which also feel what pretty
suspicious what is that
chart all results are up to Again by the
way yeah sure all right 100% of what uh
the 13600 whatever KF y yep all right
what else we got oh DJI drones oh is it
oh it's it's it's Wan after dark but
it's not late so what are we calling it
when afternoon but it's not afternoon
yet we can do topics for 6 minutes let's
do that all right okay the US House of
Representatives approves a bill that
could ban the sale into use of DJI
drones wow I didn't know that second
part not just the sale you can't even
use them oh the countering CCP drones
Act passed the house as part of the 2025
National Defense budget and that will
place DJI on the fcc's covered list
Banning them from sale to any entity
receiving Federal funding oh okay the
features that sparked concerns of spying
from us Regulators were first
implemented by DJI because of us
regulators and government pressure it's
uncertain whether the FCC would also ban
DJI drones from using regulated Wireless
frequencies should they do so DJI would
effectively be blocked from operating in
the US and existing drones could be
grounded wow uh discussion question here
is at what point are American Regulators
shooting themselves in the foot there is
no us made alternative for consumers and
DJI is like 80% of the Drone
Market yeah neat they might be trying to
make one um if you if you've been paying
attention to the the war in crine um
there's a really crazy documentary out
called um is it Darwin Darwin
Ukraine yeah if you just YouTube Darwin
and Ukraine you'll find a scrips news
video which is a really crazy like mini
dock on the Drone warfare that's going
on over there um and there's really kind
of wild things happening as well to the
up armoring that's happening to tanks
and other various armored vehicles to
defend themselves from netting hanging
off of them and stuff like that and just
like extra plates that are offset from
the tank it's like there's all this
crazy stuff going on um so owning drone
manufacturing and um having that supply
chain in your own country might actually
be something the US wants and this might
be one of the ways that they try to
strong arm it is like open up a big
Market segment so that some us company
can come up and start making stuff right
I don't know that's some pretty
uh I'm stretching the theory there a
little bit but I wouldn't be too
surprised just looking at the things
going on it's not the craziest thing
I've heard
yeah uh more random stuff what do you
want to do gaming Roundup where's that
yeah David threw this in Nintendo Direct
Legend of Zelda Echoes of wisdom is the
first Legend of Zelda game where Zelda
is the protagonist except it's the third
time she was the main character in two
different CDI games that Nintendo's
hoping we uh had forgotten about it
looks similar in style to 2019 links
Awakening remake but differentiates
itself with a Nifty Echo mechanic that
allows you to make copies of certain
objects that's cool pretty cool Metroid
Prime 4 still exists we got to see the
first gameplay Snippets it's coming to
switch one but hard to believe that what
we saw in the trailer is actually
running on that Hardware so good luck
everybody and there's a new Mario Party
called Jamboree hopefully it doesn't
suck seven boards with two returning
Classics over 110 Mini games 20 player
online multiplayer in the cathon mode
but will they still make you sit through
a tutorial every time you play Only Time
Will Tell probably lots of RPGs like
Mario and Luigi brothership fantasian
Dragon Quest 3 HD HD 2D remake and HD
remasters of Donkey Kong Country Returns
and Luigi's Mansion 2 in other gaming
news get ready to be mad Todd Howard
says he wants to make annual DLC for
Starfield will Luke Play No got him
the next line says maybe they should
focus on making players happy first to
stop the recent review bombing due to
monetizing
mods yeah yeah yeah if you want to
cyberpunk your game you need to make it
good not just keep working on it uh
Beyond Good and Evil is getting an HD
remaster for its 20th anniversary and
the original has been pulled from
storefronts and the sequel is still
never got released oh it's pretty funny
uh okay okay the last news topic that we
have here is
banana last week we brought up banana a
steam game that has now touched first
place on the steam charts for current
active players in this game players
click a banana to try to earn banana
skins that can be sold on the steam
Marketplace some had speculated early on
that this game was a scam or some form
of Market manipulation even more so once
they found out that one of the devs
these Lions had been involved with a
steam Market Bitcoin cam /bg before
Banana's co-owner aesthetic Spartan
released a statement on their Discord
server saying we did not know about this
until recent videos started to point
this out and we had a talk almost
immediately with the whole team about
the situation what do you mean whole
team the whole team uh we gave him the
chance to explain the situation to us
and we know he is showing remorse and is
sorry about what happened in the past
since then the banana team has parted
ways with these Lions adding that his
inventory was cleared out of out of
bananas to help calm any concerns with
the
community discussion question banana has
said they assure you this isn't a scam
and they do have big plans for content
for this game in the future what do you
think their plans could be you literally
click a banana well I think it's more
skins I think it's more skins and maybe
peels but a man there was a pun there
maybe a peeling ones damn it
clearly off my game today that was a
good pun though you you just got it a
little late yeah you really slipped on
that one oh o that's a
Bruiser oh oh no Megan
stop I hate it here oh man okay I'm like
scared there's more coming um what like
a bunch more
puns oh
oh
um I think I think really if they wanted
to do anything other than just add more
skins which is probably all they're
actually going to do the only real route
forward is just Cookie Clicker it even
more how do you Cookie Clicker something
more just partially automate the game oh
God make it so that you can buy like
banana Farms make it go faster make it
so the game only automates if you're
willing to let your GPU mine crypto in
the backg around yeah yeah for them yeah
but they'll give you skins yeah yeah
banana coin yeah here we go they should
they should make it so that uh the
upgrades that increase the the
automation rate instead of like in
cookie clicker where you just like buy
them with cookies in this game they
should be tradable so you can buy them
with dollars what do you call like a
counterfeit
skin a banana phony
oh man I can't take it
anymore oh uh all right I think it's
time for afternoon which is what we're
calling after dark today so I guess hold
on I think I've got an
idea I think Luke is going bananas oh
[Applause]
no oh oh it's
brighter oh
wow oh wow hey look nice D thank
you oh you added the flying stuff when
did you do that that was Conrad we have
flying toasters for this week and uh I
believe we also have the new after dark
afternoon sponsors okay I legitimately
don't think we should use those because
that there could be a copyright concern
there explicitly said don't do you got
to ask me before you do that
um anyway I think it was actually Dan's
idea to turn up the lights for after oh
no I think that was L that was me I
played it off cuz it seemed more fun in
the moment that you made it up on
yourself yeah that's that's why I that's
why I did that it just seemed it seemed
like you know it whatever the point is
Dan want to hit us with a merch message
for oh that is really bright and uh the
heater has come on or the cooler has
come on as well I'm going to just take
cu the light's like trying really hard
something like that I guess oh I think
that's part no no I forbid it I want it
at full brightness yeah done yeah it's
just it's part of the vibe it's mid day
it's hot out we need a fan yeah exactly
yeah oh I forgot about the OLED safe
going to move we can hear the fan yeah
cuz it's it's afternoon yeah it's the
sun that's what the sun sounds like 100%
what's up LDL this one's specifically
for Luke knowing that you played a lot
of tarov and other firstperson Shooters
have you tried body Cam and if so what
are your thoughts on the game it looks
crazy have you you seen it I I saw the
early previews and I saw that it's out
now we've talked about it on when it
looks wild I haven't had a chance to try
it yet okay I'm try it this week maybe
cuz I'm I'm excited to hear your
thoughts on it as well I will I I will
try it before next W I will I'll give
you guys that because we we've talked
about this on way a couple yeah just
like he's going to finish Final Fantasy
6 yeah yeah just like
that I this is the first weekend I will
have been home for in a month
interesting so cuz I mean yeah you have
to be home to you know play a what's
practically a mobile game at this point
sure kind of yeah sure kind of maybe if
you weren't such a cheap then you would
have a I don't know a steam deck or
something that has made it more
complicated up next yoyo yo. dll
question for Luke again uh what
technology have you used in your weight
loss or fitness journey I want something
for tracking my heart rate that isn't a
watch to use my kettle bells this is
going to make you
disappointed quite genuinely for a long
time the extent of the technology that I
used was a phone so that I could have
airpods in listening to either podcast
or music and quite literally a pen and
paper um you really don't need much
tracking your heart rate one of the
fairly easy ways to sort of Do It um is
if you have to breathe with your mouth
open you're probably in zone two so
you're doing
good if if you can get by just breathing
through your nose that's like not a
super high heart rate generally um so
try to push it like a little bit more if
you're trying to get like cardio out of
that situation um and if if it gets to
the point where you have to breathe
through your mouth then you're you're
pushing yourself a bit you're probably
in zone two there are exceptions but for
most people if what you're trying to do
is get in better shape then whatever
time you spent earning money to buy
whatever Gadget you spent time shopping
for you should have just been you worked
out Y and there's ways that are
super simple like if if you're very not
in shape go for a walk not even a like
highspeed walk just get outside and move
and it'll be a million miles better than
what you were doing before um there's
there's another one where like if speed
is an issue like if there's issues with
with I don't know something and going
fast is a is a problem so the walking is
good and you're trying to up it but but
jogging is like an issue for some reason
you can crank the uh the angle of a
treadmill in the gym and then stay at a
walking speed but have an increased
angle and it's way harder and it will
it'll crank your heart rate up uh it'll
use muscles in your legs quite heavily
you can you can just walk at like 3
kmers an hour on a treadmill but have
the angle be really high and it'll be
difficult for you um but yeah honestly I
didn't use much I didn't use a heart
rate monitor I didn't use uh any
anything really way too fancy I just got
out and did stuff and saw results and
was happy lonus you once mentioned cats
being like lightning in a bottle can you
please elaborate also howdy Luke well
think about it this
way lightning very dangerous lightning
in a bottle not very dangerous like you
know those little like plasma globes
that they have at you know little like
science exhibit I think you could like
just buy them on at like dollar stores
now and stuff like that um so what I
what I like is very very dangerous stuff
but like cute sized and so to
me cats are basically that they are such
a
honed killing machine like the the I I
love them I think I think they're
beautiful everything about them is is
designed to as efficiently as possible
um remove the
entrails of anything that they decide to
remove the entrails of they are apex
predators and the only reason that a
house cat isn't is its size and so you
know I like things that if I was much
smaller so if I was this big that
bottled lightning would be very
dangerous and in the same way if I was
this tall my cat would would not be
fun my cat would be terrifying oh yeah
but because I'm much larger than it it
just my snugly hello
[Laughter]
baby that's what I that's why I want a
Main a good answer yeah I've always
wanted an animal in my house that if I
sleep in too long it'll just probably
eat
me the fear makes it fun funny hat says
house cats are one of the most efficient
Predators with an extremely high success
rate small things don't let your house
cat Outdoors unless you don't like
having birds in your neighborhood it's
actually a problem yes decimated the
population I've also I've got a message
here that's not a merch message from
James stri uh you know him yes uh
wondering if you guys want to discuss
this on the show oh what is the audience
think of us playing homage to Corda crew
VFX artist react thumbnails by copying
their thumbnail style in our Tech
experts react thumbs did we do that
would that be perceived as homage or
ripoff stealing I don't know I think
it's fine I don't I don't think Nico
would care I think that's sort of how
YouTube has sort of always worked yeah I
don't know I I mean you guys let us know
but I I I don't even think that's a
question I think I already I think I
thought I already told James just do it
because our clickthrough is not great on
that video but it's a great video and
people love it so I just need more
people to click on it yeah yeah as long
as our color is different I don't think
it really matters hi it's not like they
invented the concept of like people
react to anything anyway in fact famous
ly Fine Bros tried to trademark React
videos at some point or like the react
branding for videos and it failed
miserably and everyone hated that so
like no it's it's very much just a genre
at this point in yeah don't do don't do
the yellow outline yeah don't do a
yellow outline cuz that's their that's
their that's clearly theirs that that
feels like brand identity stuff don't
take that
yeah hi DL would the Snapdragon X Elite
have been better received if it had been
marketed as a low alternative rather
than all of the hype of an x86 killer is
this the Gen AMD wins
mobile um I don't think that well I mean
it depends because amd's success in
Mobile comes more down to how much Fab
capacity they've booked than the
strength of their design they've had a
stronger design for a couple of gens now
and yeah just it's you you can't you
can't build out an entire
mobile product portfolio based on amd's
mobile chips because they just don't
they don't have enough of them at some
point you're just not going to get a
shipment not everyone can do that all at
once they can't just you quintuple or I
forget what their market share is in
Mobile but essentially they would have
to like five plus X their their shipping
output in order to just completely
displace Intel whereas Intel has their
own Fabs right so it's it's just not
that simple um but in terms of like
winning the the battery life and
performance man like I've been using a
flow x13 for the last little bit and it
just it just kills dude it's awesome and
that's that's an AMD based that's an AMD
based to design and if I didn't have
that 47d GPU in it it would probably be
even more efficient I oh that merch
message got archived I was kind of
referring back to it because my brain is
slow no no it's fine it's all good um I
think that I think that overhyping
things is bad but I also don't know if
if it was a tactical error on qualcomm's
part because I think that the the
percentage of people that watch a Dave
2D video compared to the percentage of
people that saw the hype machine um is
probably much lower and I think overall
the message is actually going to end up
being correct for the majority of people
who would buy a thinlight laptop so
that's a that's a major thing to
consider is that something can be true
to one person and not necessarily true
to another I could hand you a Chromebook
and I could say this does anything that
you would need to do with a computer
depending who I'm talking to that's
either very true or very false or
somewhere in between right and I think
to the Qualcomm customer for this thin
and light design what they're saying
about being an x86 killer is very true I
think that there are ways that they
could have tempered expectations
particularly on the gaming side yeah um
the gaming well we'll see you once more
Ben benmarks come out but yeah it feels
like it's going that direction overall
I'm still pretty optimistic and on the
gaming side we actually have a stream
planned I believe we're going to be
doing it next week where you guys are
going to be telling us what games you
want to see yeah so we'll be we'll
probably be doing yeah like merch
messages for people to let us know what
game cool um and we'll just we'll just
be trying stuff it's going to be yeah
it's going to be fun I really like the
whole like live benchmarks of a new
thing concept I think we've been talking
about that for years I think it's great
h w show uh afternoon is brought to you
by PPN head to pav vpn.com Linus for a
special deal we got a little QR code
there so the number man the number of
people that watch on their TVs just
keeps going up so just yeah just point
your phone do a QR
code pretty wild hey I get it now yeah
TV viewers why would I ever do that
YouTube is like taking over the TV crazy
it makes sense yeah living room strategy
is like totally Shi huge for them right
now yeah anyway wild you sign up for Pia
you forgot to use the code no you uh L
xfn
724 you can you retroactively add it
unsubscribe from
Pia resubscribe with our
code Pia is not going to like that no
problem actually they're probably not
going to care I don't think they even I
don't think they even watch our spots
yeah okay go ahead yeah yeah Hi D I work
for an automotive OEM as a
troubleshooting engineer since starting
I have noticed how little some people
know about areas outside their own are
other areas in Tech uh like this oh yeah
oh yeah uh that's how the world works
and the the big the where we really run
into trouble is when people assume that
other people know anything about their
little bubble that they live in or care
yeah that one's rough yeah yeah cuz the
truth is I suspect you have a decent
amount of problems with that actually
yeah probably in the automotive industry
there's probably a decent as a
troubleshooting engineer don't care the
number of people that want to hear about
like oh man the number of people that
want to hear about you know this this
like switch failure that you know you
spent three months chasing down or
whatever like I care I think that's
super cool me too thank you for doing
that work yeah I appreciate you but a
lot of people are G to be
[Laughter]
like next
up okay let's see lldd when trading a
phone in I always format then max out
storage with Linux isos and then
reformat uh been called paranoid but
with the recent Apple issues this is an
effective way to protect personal data
well I don't know if that would help
with the recent Apple issue because I
thought that was things getting restored
from iCloud anyway so
um no uh for flash storage to my
knowledge if you do a secure eras which
formatting a phone should do there is
absolutely no reason to fill it up with
Linux
isos sounds fun though hello funny names
here lonus have you noticed any changes
in viewership in recent weeks I feel
like my YouTube homepage has no clue
what I actually want to see lately yes
um YouTube's going to be up for a visit
uh very shortly and I plan to have some
conversations with them uh about some of
the trends that I've noticed recently
where um it feels like they have an
extremely extremely fast burn on new
content where they'll put it up they'll
promo it and if it doesn't go absolutely
Mega Banger viral within a day they're
just like you know what forget it and
I'm having so in general that absolutely
seems correct I'm not saying I disagree
but they seem to have weird cases as
well well we like I've had one
particular video that was suggested to
me on the day that it launched and it is
now 4 weeks old and it has suggested it
to me every single time I've loaded
YouTube
since like what I'm clearly not clicking
on this I'm choosing not to click on
this every time that's tough why are you
still serving to me so I'm also noticing
so what I'm noticing is the curve
instead of looking
parabolic right and and approaching an
Asm toote
it goes up
flattens and then in some
cases very slowly like doesn't quite ASM
toote so some videos are still doing
okay um but a lot of them are
just um so so YouTube has this metric in
the dashboard where they tell you out of
your last 10 uploads what the one that
you just uploaded is ranked and it
updates it constantly because it has to
be relative to the you know hour after
relase right if it's only been up for an
hour obviously it would be the worst out
of the last 10 because they were
uploaded you know anywhere from a week
to 3 weeks ago and they've got lots more
views right so it's so it's relative to
the original upload time and for the
over the last couple of weeks since
computex we have had many like not one
or two
or probably more than more than five I
think yeah like many we've had many
videos many examples of videos that have
started out above the fold you know like
as a top five and
then flattened out and gone like bottom
two bottom three yeah over and over and
over and over again and um I don't know
if it's related but do you remember that
video I showed you of that crazy
underhand picture that I shared with you
like a long time ago I think so where
he's got this like yeah wild deliver and
then he'll throw it behind his back and
the batter never even knows he like Rel
releas the ball like yeah okay I was
trying to find that video to show chewy
and I kept search you probably heard me
like raging about this after softball
yesterday CU I couldn't I couldn't find
it I kept searching like underhand
history weirdest picture like I I kept I
1920s 1930s like I was I I I I kept
searching for every search term I could
possibly think of to find this guy and
it kept just giving me like MLB
highlights or not not even like that
modern like like a video from eight
years ago but
but 100% MLB no matter how many times I
searched underhand softball softball it
didn't matter it just kept talking about
what's it called so there's overhand
there's sidearm and then there's there's
there's like a there's like a like an
overhand pitch motion but like under or
something it's called something it it
kept bringing up stuff about that I'm
like I am looking for not that and no
matter what I searched for it was
bringing up like the same half dozen
videos I was in a meeting with Taran
yeah trying to find one of my like
ancient like seven or eighty old videos
as an example of something really quick
yeah and we kept on talking about other
things in the meeting I spent probably
20 25 minutes trying to find it I ended
up getting the Search terms right and it
just wouldn't show it to me when I
finally found it I had the title I was
searching for the title of the video and
it wouldn't bring it up but it would
bring up it was all line ofcp stuff yeah
but it was just all within like the last
however many months it would not find
like almost exact word for word title
that I was searching so I've told them
this before but in the in the early days
of them responding to Tik Tok they um I
think I felt they leaned too hard into
immediacy the importance of immediacy
and I think doesn't feel like YouTube I
think they've gone down that path again
where it's like no YouTube is a
repository YouTube is not about only
what's been uploaded in the last little
while that's not the point of it anyway
uh for those of you who are wondering
it's about a half hour video
um I I think this is the one that I
watched let me just see if I can find
it
um this might not yeah this might not be
the one that I actually watched about
him let
me let me see if I can find it let me
see if I can find it
um anyway whoops look up Eddie
fainer absolutely incredible I forget
whose video on him is like really
awesome it might
be it might be this one from Tony
something uh no someone did a whole
history on him but he is the wildest
pitcher that you've ever heard of if you
don't care about baseball or softball at
all doesn't matter um go go look it up
you know what maybe I'll find the exact
maybe I'll find the exact video the one
video that's doing pretty well on him is
from a couple of years ago it's called
why you've never heard of the best
athlete ever
um I don't know if this is the one that
I watched that was so good though I
actually no I don't think it is anyway
oh someone's calling uh yeah please text
me cool see you
later all right what else we got lonus
what is your preferred flavor of Halo C
2v2 4v4 or 8b8 do you have any strong
opinions on spawn killing thanks so fun
fact um I didn't have a lot of money and
I didn't actually buy Halo C I played
the demo which had one map Blood Gulch
the best one so it's okay and had one
mode Capture the Flag the best one so
it's okay so I just played Blood Gulch
V8 Capture the Flag um until my my my
wrist was raw from rubbing against my
mouse pad luckily that is the way to
go yeah hey on the subject of borrowing
things sorry one sec is that coming
through I have no idea maybe I can hear
it but yeah we have a little bit of a
different feed you going to go scream at
them uh I just want to make sure that
people don't like say stuff that
shouldn't be on way you know okay cool
cuz it's they like lunch time that's
true uh hey on the subject of borrowing
things from the office what has been the
most painful item that has gone missing
from inventory oh the most painful by
far was the um 8
gpus 8 gpus
server um that went missing from
inventory yeah we accidentally threw it
away the 8 gpus or eight C uh eight
Gamers one CPU the like super micro
multi-gpu server how do we how do we
throw something like that away dude if I
knew
um I thought you were going to say the
Pippen oh yeah that too I thought it was
called The Pigeon and then someone in
chat said Pippen and I was like our at
Mark Pippen went missing I don't know
what happened to that because that's
sad especially because it was in like
perfect condition man I I I still can't
find the right Eddie fer video there's
one that's like it's tough like HS of
him like training on stuff it feels like
we lost like an encyclopedia of of
humanity to a certain degree cuz like
there's there's old videos that are
important that you like can't find
anymore which isn't how it's supposed to
work it's bad it's
bad I've also personally found that I'm
actually like less motivated to watch
YouTube things these days which seems
bad for them so maybe they want to
address that um because it will
forcibly you know only give me the new
things or randomly decide some video
they're just going to recommend to me
for a month straight without me clicking
on it um is resulting in a lot less like
rabbit H holding like my favorite thing
to do on YouTube where I like find some
weird section of YouTube I haven't seen
in a long time that's not happening as
much cuz it's not suggesting me these
like weird off-the-wall things that
hasn't happened for a long time I Used
to Love YouTube and now it's just even
even one video that I've specific
searched out it's now recommending me
things that it thinks I want to watch
instead of allowing me to to do that
yeah like you have to click on a subtab
that
is uh about this topic and it's not
always
correct n don't like more icky yes uh
this one's for Luke are you done ff6 yet
I've been playing it with my daughter we
are going to finish it before you at
this rate lonus thanks for the sweet
merch uh products yeah I'm home this
weekend I'm going to try to play it but
now I got to play the now you got to
play the other thing and then you also
have to do that other thing as well so
yeah never uh how would YouTube function
with Linus's CEO this is great uh would
people be mad at YouTube being public
with lonus being transparent about
projects as opposed to the secret
approach YouTube takes with experiments
I just wouldn't be able to
um I like I like legally they would have
a lot of obligations um around secrety
that I just wouldn't really be able to
uh yeah that that I just I wouldn't I
wouldn't be able to be transparent
about I dll my city just adopted AI in
its non-emergency 911 line to ease work
of the 911 operators as they are underst
staffed if it hears certain phrases or
words it will transfer you to a human
thoughts uh uh really doesn't seem that
great hey lonus how did you find C of
stars I loved it my kids were really
into it which was great now that
fantasian has been allowed out of iOS
jail are you going to pick it up again
um no I'm not we talked about that
earlier um what was the earlier part of
that
question uh SE of stars I thought SE of
stars was good it was shallow um and I
don't want any spoilers but I didn't
like one of the directions they went
with story something true
yeah hey D my pet bed comes in time
since moving in with my girlfriend to
know that much her dog fits it
perfectly oh good thanks for that
Luke yucky uh question for lonus did you
ever work on side projects that required
money investment but wife didn't agree
or trusted sure you're looking at one
right now no no she she she
AG oh man um no we we we we believe in
getting aligned on things right so if we
don't agree then we have to keep talking
about it until we agree so either I'm
working on the side project and she
agrees or I'm not working on the side
project and she agrees
yeah what do you guys think of the
treatment of AI as product versus a
feature of a larger product it seems to
me that AI forward projects are uh AI
forward products are finally dying off
and we can get back to real
Tech man finally dying off is a strong
statement to make while basically every
startup is just trying to like be an AI
startup and know we'll figure out what
to do with it later yeah um no I think
we're very much in the thick of that by
the way I think the video I'm looking
for may just not be available anymore
cuz I found someone that has a playlist
of a bunch of like Eddie fer videos and
um maybe it used like copyrighted
footage or something but it was it was
way better than all of these cuz it had
like a ton of him just pitching just
like like wild pitches it was not wild
pitches like what it means in baseball
where you like throw it way away from
the base but like just these Wicked
crazy pitches uh but yeah I suspect that
maybe it's just been removed so that's
really unfortun because it was a really
awesome video and there's just not
enough about this guy he's super cool
sup boys question for Mr LEF fronted I
think you previously mentioned you
played rugby if so uh did you enjoy it
and what position did you play I did I
played eighth man which uh I've heard
I'm I don't really have the build for
but I
was I I definitely did well enough um my
school was really bad uh but it was fun
the the the people on the team were fun
um we had like our whole maneuver was
this this guy named Jesse would get it
as far up the field as he could and then
he would pass to me and I would get it
up as far on the field as I could and if
that didn't make it pretty much the
whole way we pretty much would not score
a try that was like sort of how it
worked but it was entertaining the team
was really cool um I had a lot of fun
and I enjoyed the sport I just you know
we just weren't great but it is what it
is and last one I've got for you here hi
Dan Dan's boss and Dan's boss's boss
majority
shareholder uh with that's a good one
with most companies in the semi late
stage capitalism blatantly disregarding
consumer rights is legislation the only
solution left
yep yeah yeah that's it that's all I got
I mean we could ask consumers to band
together for our rights and boycott
[Music]
comp good luck oh yeah that's hilarious
uh all right well hey thank you guys
very much for tuning in to the WAN show
we will see you again next time um
different bad time but the same bad
channel channel yeah bye
[Music]
I'm so annoyed that I can't find this
video I I I think it's
gone and like I'm so annoyed that I
can't tell if it's gone because I can't
tell if um if this is just bad yeah